


er 


The Economist, 


WEEKLY COMMERCIAL TIMES! 


Bankers’ Gazette and Railway aonitor: 
A POLITICAL, LITERARY, AND GENERAL NEWSPAPER. 












































Vol. XLV. phe git: SATURDAY, APRIL 30, 1887. No. 2,279 
CONSENTS: TWO PER CENT. 
THE ECONOMIST. Tue market value of money was previously so low, that 
Tene Peau Claw eeiicccdiece 549 | Bustnzss Norzs :— the reduction of the Bank rate to 2 per cent. has produced 
The Proposed Treasury The Budget Debate............ 557 | no effect upon the outside rates. The reduction was 
Cee and the Money bi She Teele Tasik ses 557 | bound to come, and the directors, as we have before said, 
Be cccccesevvcdccesreesbone oo ‘onts . . . 5 ai he . | 
Lord Rosebery at Glasgow 550 eben neat tee: Oe er have been quite justified, looking to the position of | 
The Affair at Pagny ......... 551 | United States and Canadian eir accounts, in making it some weeks ago. Having | 
Our National Wealth and Fishing Statistics ......... 57 | regard, however, to the unsettlement of political affairs, | 
UEIOD .hchsvesnssnacrinooes 552 | The Dividends of the Lead- and to the fact that there is a demand for gold for the 
Lent Pree and Settle- -_, wae Co per oo seeceeeeeees oo Continent, it was better for them to move with caution. 
The Proposed Change in the Te Fonstax Consnerospancs +~ For the present, everything points to the continuance for 
Stamp Duties, oan its Pro- WMI scaled sethind enatratdaoube 558 | Some time of low rates for money. 
bable Effects on Securities 554 | United States .................. 560 as 
The Tea Trade.......0:....0... 556 | Germany and Austria ...... 561 | Subjoined are our usual tables of rates :— 
THE BANKERS’ GAZETTE AND COMMERCIAL TIMES Bank Rate and MARKET Rate. 
Bank Returns and Mone Cotton Trade: .......cccsseeees 569 A Fort- Th A Month 
I ete criinan ” 562 | Wool Trade .......0 ssecsesseee 569 Yesterday. | Last Week. | nignt Ago. |Weeks Ago.| Ago. 
Notices and Reports ......... 566 | Colonial and Foreign Pro- Pe fog Poe Pee Pee 
Corn Trade .....+..cssescecs..- 567 | duce Market .........0.... - 570 | Bank rate...) 3 | ‘, 3, | 3 | z 
Iron and Coal Trades ......... 568 | Price Current ....0...0.++ ~ 5:2) Market rate..| 1s | 114 | 118 |} Wt 18) 


THE RAILWAY MONITOR. 
Railway Traffic Returns...... 571 | Stock Markets PriceCurrent 573 


LIEBIG 
COMPANY'S 


EXTRACT 
OF MEAT. 





For 


SOUPS, SAUCES, 


AND 


MADE DISHES. 





Cookery Books post free on application to the Company: 
9 Fenchurch avenue, London, E.C. 


*,.* Ask for the COMPANY’S Extract, and 
see that it bears Baron Liebig’s 
Signature in Blue Ink across the Label. 













Lonpon Market Rate Compared with Forticy Marker Ratrs | 


(+ above: — below.) 


























A Fort- Three A Month 
| Yesterday. ewe. night Ago. | Weeks Ago. Ago. 
he * % % 
With Paris .......1 — ' | — — | +1 
» Berlin ...... bis tt fj o— § i + - 
Amsterdam’ — 1 — 1 —1; | —1 _ 
» New York 
call money — 2% - 33 _ ee '_—S$ - 4 
Rates of EXcHANGE. 
eal a ee 
a | | AFort- | Three | A Month 
| Yesterday. Last Week. ‘night Ago. Weeks Ago. , 
| Per Mille. | Per Mille. | Per Mille. | Per Mille. | Per Mille. 
sossesserserees| 1 for us 1} for us for us| 3} for us | 3} for us 
Germany ..,........; 34 agst us3f agstus | icone us| 3 agstus| 44agstua 





agstus | 3 agstus | 2} agst us 


| 5 agst us4¢ agstus 3 
for us! 4} forus | 1for us 


Holland ...s..00.-. 
} agst us 1} for us 1 


New York ........./ 


THE PROPOSED TREASURY OPERATIONS AND 
THE MONEY MARKET. 

Tue City has been a good deal exercised this week over 
Mr Goschen's public loans Budget. It was, of course, 
impossible for the Chancellor of the Exchequer to deal 
with the details of his plan within the limits of bis 
Budget speech,and, pending further explanations, there is 
much uncertainty as to how the proposed new local loans 
stock is to be constituted, and as to the way in which the 
Treasury bills, by which some of the money advanced to 
the local authorities has been raised, are to be dealt with. 
On neither of these points can one speak definitely until 
Mr Goschen formulates his scheme. Indeed, it would 
appear from the statements made by him in the House, 
on Monday night, that there are some matters of detail on 
which he himself has not yet come to a final decision. 
The broad features of the measure have, however, been 
outlined with sufficient clearness, and on these some 
remarks may not be out of place. 

As we explained last week, the amount of the local loaus 








errr rte emeanemcee enna 
NA SER, LL LLL LL LLL LLL LLL 


OO AEST ES EET SIE AT SST 


TS eS TD 


RA it tates tae 5 1 Mind aaa ch a ee 
en beelaniieitiianttes > 


(Opec Conn evens withesnos shes SELES CT RN i 





sete ete ee nee cee ee er oN ao eee ne eo 


vd 


peleientiempnaen einen eee re ae Sale 


ee ae ee ee 
















Rr ee a Santee 










550 


made out of the Imperial Treasury which are now out- 
standing is 37,200,000/, this sum being made up thus :— 
t £ 








Funded Twe and a-Half per Cents. .............. 8,600,000 
Exchequer and Treasury bills ........ .. sages sttaneess 6,400,000 
Advanced by National Debt Commissioners ... 9,500, 
Advaneed out of Exchequer balances ............ 12,700, 
37,200,000 


Now the impression seems to be that a new stock, to the 
amount of 37,200,000/, is to be put upon the market with 
which to cancel the present debt, But as we explained 
last week, this would be needlessly cumbersome and costly 
process. The whole transaction can be readily effected by 
cancelling 37 millions of Consols now held by the National 
Debt Commissioners, and giving the local loans stock in 
exchange. Even if Mr Gladstone’s suggestion, that the 
local loans stock should bear interest at the rate of 2; 
per cent. instead of being, as Mr Goschen proposed, a 3 per 
-cent. stock, were adopted, there would be no difficulty in 
effecting this exchange, as the Commissioners could be 
‘seeured against loss by granting them an annuity 
i) sufficient to wipe out the difference between the capital 
value of a 3 per cent. anda 2} per cent. stock, as was done 
funder the National Debt Conversion Act of 1884. To 
} Mr Gladstone’s proposal, however, Mr Goschen advanced 
what seems to us a fatal objection. ‘‘ The difficulty with 
“me,” he said, “is this, It is extremely important that 
‘the public should be able to see a distinct relation 
“between the amounts of stock created for borrowing 
‘‘ purposes on the one side, and the local loans on the 
“other. I am afraid that if the stock were issued at 2} 
“ per cent., there would be an appearance of profit on the 
‘account which would obscure the real position, and lead 
‘toan attempt on the part of those who are insisting con- 
«*tinually on the increase of local loans to force the 
“Government to give them money at a cheaper rate,”’ 
| This, as we have said, appears to us a fatal objection to 
Mr Gladstone’s suggestion. At the same time, however, 
it would, we think, be desirable for the Chancellor of the 
Exchequer to keep in view the possibility, or we should 
rather say, the probability, of the national credit so 
improving as to make it possible in the not very remote 
future for the Treasury to float a 2) per cent. loan at par. 
i For that reason, it might be advantageous to constitute 
}| the local loans stock a3 per cent. stock, redeemable at par, 
say, 20 years hence. This would leave the Treasury 
| free at the end of the fixed term to reap the advantage of 
~ 1 any improvement in the national credit that might have 
{| taken place in the interval; while the guarantee of a 3 
}| per cent. dividend for.a definite period would strongly 
recommend the stock t®& number of different classes of 
investors. 

“It will be seen that of the 37,200,000/ to be converted 
‘im some way or other into local loans stock, 6,400,000/ 
consist of Exchequer and Treasury bills—mainly, we 
should suppose, the latter—and it is in regard to the way 
in which these are to be dealt with that the market is 
more particularly troubled. ‘Is the Chancellor of the 
Exchequer,” it is asked, “going to reduce by six millions 
the amount of Treasury bills afloat?” Thus far Mr 
Goschen has kept his own counsel, but we should think it 
| is very unlikely that he meditates any such step. It is 
true that 1,500,000/ of the Treasury bills now falling due 
are not to be renewed. This reduction, however, cannot 
be in connection with the new scheme, which has 
not yet been formally submitted to Parliament, and 
it seems capable of easy explanation. The Government 
‘balance at the Bank is now very large—certainly 
larger than there is any present need for—and Mr 

4joschen, as a shrewd man of business, very probably 
| fails to seeany good in borrowing money which he does 
not need, and prefers to reduce his balance at the Bank by 
permitting a portion of bills to run off. The process of 
‘reduction on these lines, however, cannot go very much 
| further, and to us it does not seem at all likely that the 
Chancellor of the Exchequer will propose to raise 


¢ 








THE ECONOMIST. 





ee 
[April 30, 1887. 


—— alee 
included in the 37,200,000/ of local loans debt; and as 
there is more than one way in which this could be done 
Mr Goschen may be trusted to have arranged this matter. 
There is, however, another question, and that is whether 
the present system of issuing the bills is not capable of 
improvement. At present the bills are fed out upon the 
market month by month, although at times the Treasury 
is really not in want of money. This continuity of supply 
has, of course, its advantages. There is no doubt a 
better market for bills of which the supply is thus con- 
tinuous, than there would be if the supply were inter. 
mittent, and no one could say when the Chancellor of the 
Exchequer was going to come upon the market, nor form 
any idea as to the possible extent of his demands. 
Besides, it has come to be regarded as an economic 
axiom, that when Government engages in trade 
—and the sale of bills is trading in mone y— 
its operations should be conducted in the way that is 
calculated least to interfere with and disturb ordinary 
business. Thus the present system is not without 
advantage to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and it is 
certainly convenient for the market. Any change in it 
would consequently have to be very carefully considered, 
and should not be lightly made. Still, as the fluctuations 
in the amount of the Treasury balances are, toa very con- 
siderable extent, periodic, there being times when they are 
always large, and others when they are invariably small, it 
might be possible, without doing away with the present 
continuity of issue, to arrange that the amount raised from 
time to time by the issues of bills should be better 
adjusted than at present to the real requirements of the 
Treasury. 





LORD ROSEBERY AT GLASGOW. 


Ir Lord Rosebery’s speech at Glasgow really satisfied his 
audience, the nature of Scotchmen must of late have 
undergone some extraordinary change. Scotchmen used, 
above all things, to delight in grappling with the essentials 
of a subject and in meeting the difficulties face to face. Did 
Lord Rosebery do this? Instead, he contented himself 
with dexterous appeals to the prejudices and to the 
sympathies of his hearers—appeals directly calculated to 
lead them away from the main question, and to confuse 
and distort the issue before them. To judge from his 
remarks, the Irish question is the simplest thing in the 
world, and can be easily and pleasantly settled by a refer- 
ence to what Mr Burke, Mr Fox, Mr Grattan, and Lord 
Grey thought a hundred years ago. Apparently, what 
Grattan’s Parliament did in the last centuryisto himeonclu- | 
siveevidence of what Parnell’s Parliament would do im this; 
and the fact that coercion has been necessary in the past is 
a sure sign that itis neither necessary now, nor will be neces- 
sary in the future. Such arguments, well garnished with the 
fascinations of rhetoric and humour, peculiarly captivating 
from that bonhomie and good temper, which Lord Rose- 
bery knows so well how to use, might perhaps be expected 
te charm a Southern audience. In Glasgow, of all places 
in the world, they seem out of place, and ill-judged. We 
cannot, then, rag thinking that his audience in reality 
expected him to deal with the fundamentals of the ques- 
tion, and were disappointed to find such points abso- 
lutely untouched on. Why did he not come to close 
quarters with the question of the Parnellite alliance, and 
explain why Mr Gladstone, why Sir William Harcourt, 
why he himself can now associate themselves in the 
strictest political intimacy, and can assist, excuse, and protect 
men whom a little time ago Mr Gladstone was describing 
as marching “through rapine to the disintegration aud 
dismemberment of the Empire.” Why did he not consider 
the question of the present condition of Ireland, of the 
complete breakdown of the whole fabric of law and order, 
and explain the remedies that he would advocate for 
such a condition of affairs. Why, too, did he not grapple 
with the essential difficulty of the two Irelands that exist 
side by side in the sister island? Why did he not explain 
how what is called by Gladstonians doing justice to Ireland 


money at 3 per cent. to pay off bills on which the interest | could be accomplished without inflicting the cruellest of 


‘last. year averaged only a little over 2; per cent. We! wrongs; and without rpetrating the most cowardly act of 


| take it, therefore, that—in. some way or other he 
will so arrange in creating his local loans stock 
as to be under no necessity to pay off the Treasury bills 


ee 














desertion on the loyal and Protestant population, not only 
in the North, but that is scattered over the whole of 
Ireland? Why did he not bring what arguments there 





nel 
led 





April 30, 1887.] 


may be to allay the misgivings of those who declare that 
Home Rule would mean an ascendancy compounded of 
the Jacobin and the Ultramontaine, an ascendancy likely 
to be quite as mercilessand as tyrannical as that of the Pro- 
testants from which Ireland was relieved by the Union, and 
the remedial reforms which the Union made possible. 
Not one of these points was met by Lord Rosebery. 
To judge from his’ easy-going optimistic utterances, 
they have never occurred tohim. In this respect, indeed, 
he compares very unfavourably with Mr Morley. We do 
not agree with Mr Morley any more than we do with 
Lord Rosebery, but, at least, Mr Morley does not shirk 
the difficulties and responsibilities. No doubt in meeting 
them he gives vent to general maxims of policy and 
government which appear to us to be of the most dangerous 
kind, but, at least, they are said openly, from conviction, 
and with a desire to face the facts and meet them. The 
worst physician of all for the sick man is he who pretends 
that there is no disease. 

Among the smaller points to which one might 
take exception in Lord Rosebery’s speech is the 
amusingly cool way in which he dismisses the opinion of 
Burns as not being of any value, because Burns “ died 
nearly 100 years ago, and in 100 years he might 
have changed his opinion very greatly; and then 
proceeds ‘to speak confidently,’ of Mr Fox, of Mr 
Burke, of Mr Grattan, and of Lord Grey. Is it so 
utterly impossible that Mr Burke would have changed 
his opinion ; if, indeed, his;opinion ever was such as the 
Home Rulers represent it? We know pretty well 
what was his opinion of the Jacobins. We know 


THE ECONOMIST. 


| 


551 


tinental situation is regarded. Rather, it has revealed, 
as by a momentary flash of lightning, the thinness of the 
barrier which protects us from a European war. It shows 
that while the rulers of Germany and France are still 
looking at each other with swords half drawn, and while 
both nations are filled with angry suspicion of eachother 
—for the German and French “calmness” were both 
artificial—the officials of both upon the frontier are ready 
to ran the risk of war in order to obtain reputation for 
energy and zeal. On the one hand, it is ‘probable that 
M. Schnaebele did “intrigue” in Lorraine, which he con- 
siders de jure French, and that he did it in the most exas- 
perating way, either by encouraging Lorrainers drawn forthe 
conscription to desert the German ranks, or by organising a 
system of espionage in German fortresses. The evidence 
on that point is not yet clear, but it is very unlikely that 
the German Courts would have concerned themselves 
about M. Schnaebele, or any other French police officer, 
unless they had strong grounds for believing that he was 


acting in a manner inconvenient to Germany. Even if- 


Prince Bismarck were the real mover in theaffair, of which 
there is no proof, he would not pick out a perfectly inno- 
cent man. The story of a plan of insurrection is absurd, for 
the Lorrainers, be they never so willing, eannot rise against 
the great force which occupies their territory ; but there 
may have been aid afforded to deserters, which the 
German staff, and, indeed, the German Emperor, would 
regard as one of the gravest of crimes, and there may have 
been an unscrupulous search for information. On the other 
hand, the seizure of M Schnaebele, even if he were guilty, 
was a violent and arbitrary proceeding, such as. no police 


that those branches of the National League, which | officer.would adopt against either a friendly Power, or a 


by their resolutions hold despotic sway over lives, 
opinions, and property in many parts of Ireland, are a 
most perfect copy of the organisation of the Jacobin clubs 
which were once spread through France. Is it very likely 
that what Burke hated so much in a foreign country he 
would have accepted and applauded in his own? Surely 
a man so well read as Lord Rosebery cannot 
seriously entertain for a moment the notion that 
Burke would not have shrunk with the most utter 
detestation from any surrender to the National 
League. The next point—and this is one most curiously 
untenable—is Lord Rosebery’s contention that because 
Grattan’s Parliament was loyal to the: English con- 
nection, therefore Mr Parnell’s Parliament would 
be the same. Of course, Grattan’s Parliament was 
eager to maintain the English connection. It was the 
Parliament of a Protestant minority ruling over a subject 
and hostile Catholic majority. Its only means of securing 
itself from destruction was to lean on the English con- 
nection. An Irish Parliament, elected under the influence 
of Catholic priesthood, and of those Nationalist leaders who 
have openly and repeatedly expressed their desire to 
destroy “the last link which keeps Ireland bound to 
England” (Mr Parnell at Cincinnati, February 23, 1880), 
and claim “to make their land a nation, to secure for her, 
free from outside control, the right to direct her own 
course amongst the peoples of the world” (Mr Parnell, 
Castlebar, November 3, 1885), is something very different, 
and Liberal Unionists will look for some more substantial 
rguarantee that a Parnellite Parliament would desire to 
preserve the connection than the argument from a false 
analogy so light-heartedly put forward by Lord Rosebery. 

Lord Rosebery is not salen charming speaker. He is a 
statesman, who te shown himself determined to abandon 
the old tradition of the Whig oligarchy, that it is not 
necessary for men of position to work hard at politics. We 
wish him in the future all the success he deserves, but we 
cannot help warning him that if he desires to impress the 
country with a sense of his weight and influence in the 
present controversy, the sooner be abandons the attitude 
of “ it’s all right, there’s nothing simpler,” the better it 
will be for his reputation as a statesman. 


THE AFFAIR AT PAGNY. 


THE Schnaebele incident is possibly over, the German 
Government having agreed it is reportec from Berlin 
to consider the arrest of the Police Commissary 
t Pagny as invalid, but its history will not do 
much to dispel the anxiety with which the con- 


Power ready for war, or unless aware that his superiors 
would at heart approve, or, at least, condone, his high- 
handed action. It is not clear that M. Schnaebele was 
off French ground, but it is clearthat if he was on German 
soil, he was invited there on the pretext of a con- 
ference necessary to fulfil the provisions of the Treaty 
of Versailles, under which the police of both. nations 
are made responsible for the safety of the posts marking 
out the frontier. The letter of Herr Gautsch, inviting 
M. Schnaebele to visit him, amounted morally toa safe con- 
duct, and in seizing him the German police were guilty of 
an act whichany fziendly Government, not to say any respect- 
able Government, would instantly repudiate. It probably 


will be repudiated at Berlin, but after an unwise delay,..} h 


and the affair shows_clearly what a store of explosives is 
piled up on the frontier. The officials there share all 
their employers’ passions without sharing their responsi- 
bilities, and are ready to commit any act which they think 
may be acceptable at headquarters. There is no need to 
believe that either M. Schnaebele or Herr Gautsch were 
instigated from headquarters, but both were evidently 
secure of support up to a certain point. 
circumstances, acts are sure to be committed upon which 


Under such. } 


either Government could, if it desired a rupture, found. } 


demands certain to be declared wholly inadmissible. 
That is not a situation tending to peace, more especi- 
ally when one of the two Governments suspects 


an insult or an oppression in every new occurrence, |} 


and the other does not care, or professes not to care, 


whether its opponent is irritated or not. It is impossible }f i 


to see that Prince Bismarck has any interest in keeping 


up a tension ; but though this scare may be over, business ' 


men may calculate that there will be a series of scares ; 


each probably more dangerous, because less readily fj. 
So long as France expects insult, 9 


curable than the last. 


and Germany is unwilling to give cordial explanations, the | 


strain must continue, and the irritation between the two fj | 


nations must increase. Even as it is, Frenchmen are 
sensibly more ready for war, because of what they think 
the German disregard of international politeness. 

It is not often that the German pretension, which lies 
behind this affair, comes into notice, but it is really a very 
serious one. If any other Power in Europe finds the 
subjects of a toreign State plotting against it, it either 
represents the matter to the Government whose subject 


the plotter is, and asks for its friendly aid, or it } 


ponte the plotter before his native courts. The 


ussian Government has, we believe, taken the latter i 


| 


course in cases where the security of its Treas 
was menaced by the manufacture of roubles; whi 


- 
; ; 
: 2 
: > 


a 


eam ee acta ti et cat Raa a ee eae, re a eee Afni bei 


cepa died bbdaaamteemateaenen testeeaaa nena eaten RET OO. 


eel cates, 


2 PORE ETI arate re RN ORL yh, IADR AS 


ee ane ee aa Be a Sk Sa 


ENE 


te ee 








in 552 
#) soins : ted 
ra we ourselves have, in America, adopted ithe former, 
though, owing to the Federal constitution of the 
i Union, without success. We do not pretend that we can 
§ seize born Americans in Canada because they subscribe to 
ithe dynamite societies. The German courts, however, 
B hold that if a foreigner, without entering Germany, 
commits high treason against Germany, he may be tried 
F and condemned by default, and may then, if he ever enters 
A German territory, be seized and punished. The claim is 
so seldom put forward that it has hardly been discussed ; 
but surely it isa monstrous one. A man may be guilty 
in his own land of conduct injurious to a foreign 
State, and yet not be guilty of a crime, or pro- 
perly liable to punishment by that State. Suppose 
Prince Bismarck to sanction the purchase in Paris of a 
5 secret treaty, or a secret order of mobilisation, would he, 
| therefore, if he went for his health to Cannes, be properly 
I tiable to seizure and imprisonment ? M. Gambetta must 
5 havé done many acts against Germany, which if done by 
A is German would be treasonable ; but was M. Gambetta, 
§ 








when he travelled in Germany, therefore liable to 
We should imagine that at this moment 
“" i General Boulanger is in Germany a criminal, for 
he must, technically at least, have ordered or 
sanctioned many purchases of maps or drawings of for- 


; i: f arrest ? 


a) I tifieations; which, under German law, would be consi- 
dered acts of high treason, and, if the offender could be 

Bee.* detected, would be punished as such. Indeed, we can see 
; no reason why, if ut Rochefort wrote an article declaring 


that Poles in Posen ought to rebel, he might not, if 
] seized in Germany, be executed for treason. Such a law 
is unjust in principle—for it may be the clear duty of an 
officer of one State to impede the action of another 
well as exceptional in Europe; and we cannot imagine one 
more likely to lead to bitterness, if not to actualwar. No 
} first-class State would bear itsapplication toagreat subject, 
and it ought not in fairness to be applied to a little one. 
' The usual defence for it, that every State has a right to 
‘4 | make its own laws, is clearly not applicable. Every State 
3 possesses that right, but only subject to its treaties, and 


$ 

i ito’ the general comity of nations, without which peace 
fe would be impossible. Suppose a State to pass a law 
{ authorising piracy against the ships of a particular Power, 
* would that be a law, or a bad method of declaring war? 
i If such a law as the German one can be defended, what 
becomes of the right of asylum under which any State is 
justified in shielding a foreigner guilty in his own 
State of high treason, even if he has levied war against 
mh! lhis sovereign? Surely, if the State hasa right to protect 
ty him, it has, a fortiori, a right to protect a subject of its 
e own, and to insist that for acts committed on its territory 
he shal! be liable only to its courts. The law is, in fact, 
unjust, and in maintaining it Germany reverts to the 
principle that force makes right, and puts forward a pre- 
tension which no State less protected by her military 

| position, would venture to defend. 


Pas 


ie 





OUR NATIONAL WEALTH AND TAXATION. 
Aurnovcs Mr Goschen was careful to explain that he 
did not look upon the absence of elasticity which of late 

y years has charscterised the revenue as indicative of any 
diminution in the wealth or consuming power of the nation, 
yet somehow his statement seems to have conveyed the 
impression that, as a nation, we are not so well off as we 
were ten or twelve yearsago. The reason probably is, that 
Mr Goschen’s figures were used to lead up to and clinch 

ei | his argument in favour of a partial alienation of the debt 
sinking fund. Mr Goschen’s contention was, that we are 


? f not in so good a position for paying off debt as we were 

ae f. when the fund of seven millions a year was devoted to the 

j repayment of debt. And that this should have been 

j interpreted to mean that our ability to pay has diminished 

. pe Bot pir ares cam fal ne is quite an erroneous 
" ~ He @ idea, and it is Ir i i 

ie. mf iden, 2: esirable t nat its falsity should be demon- 

» _ As to the stationariness of the revenue, excluding the 

F income t 1x, there can, Of course, be no question. If we 

iB ‘ compare the receipts from taxation in the year 1875-6, 


ef: ee on reer 


SENS: 


Mokes Me ah sce 
ae RP EAT 
Mtoe 


GAM Si 


% . 


: - che 
=. Se aA 
nS eee? 





THE ECONOMIST. 





—_— 


ee 


[April 30, 1887. 


to which Mr Goschen referred us, and in the year that has 
just closed the statement is :— 


Year Enpina Marcn 3ilst. 


1887. 1876, 
£ £ 
Net revenue from taxes... .......s000... 76,115,000 ...... 64,462,000 
Deduct property and income tax...... 15,900,000 4,109,000 
60,215,000 ...... 60,353,000 


Leaving the income tax out of account, the combined yield of 
all the taxes amounted last year to about 140,000/ less than 
in 1875-6. And if the growth in population during the 
interval be taken into account, the falling off assumes 
larger proportions. The 60,350,000/ realised in 1875.6 
represents a payment of 1/ 16s 7d per head of population, 
whereas the receipts last year averaged only 1/.12s 8d per 
head. Thus, relativeto population this branch of ourrevenue 
has declined by nearly 7) millions ; in other words, if the 
receipts per head had averaged as much last year as they 
did in 1875-6, the revenue would have amounted to about 
74 millions more than was actually received. 


As to the causes of this decline we shall have more to 
say presently, but that it certainly is not due to any 
diminution of our tax-paying power can be very easily 
demonstrated. If, for instance, we turn to the records of 
the income tax, we find that while in 1875-6 each penny of 
tax produced 1,936,000/, it now produces upwards of 
2,000,0001. Or, if we take the gross assessments, it is 
seen that these increased from 571,000,000/ in 1875, to 
631,500,000/ in 1885. And similar evidence of increased 
wealth is afforded by the returns of the probate and suc- 
cession duties. In the five years ending 1875 the average 
net amount of property on which death duties were paid 
was 134,500,000/, while in the five years ending 1885 the 
average was 164,500,000!. It will be seen that we have 
taken averages of five years, because the returns for a single 
year may be affected by accidental circumstances, such as 
the falling in of some big estates. And it should be added 
that the average for the five years ending 1888 is somewhat 
affected by the change in the incidence and amount of the 
death duties made in 1881-2, Still, when every allowance 
is made for this, the returns prove that since 1875 the 
national wealth has enormously increased; and as we 
showed not long ago, it is possible not only to adduce this 
indirect evidence of augmented wealth, but also to trace 
a great deal of the increase, and note where it has taken 
place. Confining ourselves to five of the most important 
categories of investments, we gave statistics, from which it 
appeared that into them alone we had put nearly 
1,000,000,000/ of new capital during the ten years ending 
1885, the additions to each class being: 4 


AppITIONS Mape Betwern 1875 and 1885 to InvestMeENts of 


CAPITAL in— 
£ 

NE WUUINONUE (5, ..d.cccctavascrs svcsencncers 400,000,000 
SEND DONT Sadsciss cc civacedssnvigaccbacasece 186,000,000 
Joint-stock companies .........66...csece00ees 200,000,000 
RO OID etic sdaiinsass ouduidchssshssiasiivsiss 80,000,000 
Loans to English local authorities........, 72,000,000 

2 938,000,000 


It may be said, however, that what we have been dealing 
with is the wealth of the propertied classes, and that it is 
in the revenue which is derived mainly from the masses of 
the people that the retrogression has been shown. But 
that the improvement has extended to the lower as well as 


the upper levels is evident in many ways. Mr Goschen | 
directed special attention to the fact that the growth of | 
mcome to which the income tax returns testify is | 
greatest in the smaller incomes, which goes to show that 

not only has wealth increased, but that it has alsobeen more | 
widely distributed. Turning to the savings’ banks returns, — 


it is seen that between 1875 and 1886, the amount of de 


posits increased from 67,500,0001 to 97,500,0002. During | 
the same period the amount of money invested in building | 
societies rose from 20,000,000/ to upwards of 52,000,000/, | 


and the capital invested in co-operative trading societies 


was increased by about 4,000,000/. Other smaller statistics | 


might be adduced, but as they all tell the same tale, there 
is little to be gained by a mu tiplication of evidence, and 
we will only add as additional proof of progress, that the 
proportion of paupers to total population, which in 1875 


Se 


lls cinch assis meiner msds dante indie i ta Dah tal leita Se 


nn 
a at eR LL TT RL I RN A 


————_— 


neg nn ne 


a eat ee aaa Sa Tar rena 


NCTE NENT EEN Ho 


April 30, 30, 1887. | 


stood at 3-39 per cent., had fallen in 1886 to 2-75 per cent. 
Although, then, the revenue has fallen off it clearly is not 
ecause the wealth of the country has diminished. Even in 
the past years of dull trade and ‘small profits, we have been 
growing richer, and adding largely, year by year, to our 
resources. Andthe reason why the Treasury has failed to 
lay this growing wealth under contribution is, that the 
existing taxes are imposed upon luxuries, of which we are 


1} consuming less than we formerly did. Notwithstanding 
{| the growth in population, the revenue from beer is only 
|| some two or three hundred thousand pounds larger than 


it was ten years ago, while the revenue from spirits, 


| instead of growing, has largely diminished. The figures 


are :— 
ReEvENvVE from Sprrirts. 
va ending March 3lst.—~ 


876. 


£ 
Home spirits 12,53,099 
Foreign ere 


17, 155,000 000 21, 295,0 000 


Here we have a falling off of upwards of 4,000,000/, whereas, 
if consumption had kept pace with the growth ‘of popu- 
lation, there would have been an increase of upwards of 

2,000,000/. The kernel of the whole matter, then, is simply 


15,154,000 
6,141,000 


this, that the revenue is stinted because we have been 
{| curtailing our drink expenditure. And that being so, it 


is obvious that Mr Goschen’s expedient of seizing 
apon the Sinking Fund to make good the defi- 


|| ciency of revenue is essentially a vicious expedient. 


The hope and expectation is, that habits of temperance 
will continue to spread, and the prospect, therefore, is, 
that the drink revenues will continue to shrink. Are we, 
then, to continue to make drafts on the Sinking Fund? 
Mr Goschen says: “No; I have taken my two millions, 
and there the inroad upon thefund must end.” If, how- 


ever, he cannot get on at present without supplementing 
his free income from extraneous sources, how are we to 
get on when the growth of temperance makes its mark 
still more decidedly upon the revenue? Temporary 
expedients cannot avail to meet a permanent difficulty ; 


and although Mr Goschen has sueceeded in postponing an 
unpopular task, he must be er ange to face the fact that, 
owing to this ’ gratifying change in public habits, our 


}| fiscal system will have to be revised, and new taxes devised 


to fill the gap which the shrinkage of the drink duties 
has created. 


LAND TRANSFER AND SETTLEMENT. 


Tue interesting debate which took place on the Second 
Reading of the Lord Chancellor’s Land Transfer Bill in 
the House of Lords, on Monday evening, turned quite as 
much on what the measure will not do as on what it will 
do if it becomes law. Indeed, the most notable incident 


{jin the debate was Lord Salisbury’ s out-and-out defence of 


limited ownership in land, in reply to Lord Herschell and 
the Duke of Marlborough, who had pointed out that the 
chief hindrance to the diffusion of landed property—one 
of the principal objects of the Bill—is the law-sanctioned 
practice of tying up real estate. Alluding to a previous 
utterance of the Prime Minister, to the effect that the law 
of settlement is one of great value, the Duke of Marl- 
borough drew a distinction between marriage settlements 
and settlements of real estate in strict entail. The former, 
he said; were often useful; but as the Bill proposes to 
prohibit the creation of estates tail in future, he asked 
whether it ought not at the same time to do away with the 
law which permits the tying up of property for a life or lives 
in being, and twenty-one years after the death of the 
survivor. Lord Herschell dealt at considerable length 
with this branch of the subject, contending that, although 
in the present state of public opinion the law could not be 
soaltered as to prohibit entirely the creation oflife-tenancies, 


| the pore might be iimited to their creation for children. 


Probably by “ public opinion,” Lord Herschell had opinion 
in the House of Lords, or among the landowning classes, 
in mind, for we should say that there are few points on 
which the opinion of the vast majority of the people is 
more unanimous than it is in favour of doing away with 
limited ownership in land altogether. Lord Herschell’s 
arguments, it eee eee ee ee eee eee ee ee ce ce Sor a ee be pointed out, tend to show the 


THE ECONOMIST. 553 


desirability of this reform. It was rare by many 
people, be remarked, that the Settled Land Act had 
removed all grounds for criticism adverse to the system 
of life estates ; but the supposition was not well founded. 

A tenant for life who sells under the Act is compelled to 
invest the purchase- -money in certain specified securities, 
and consequently he refrains from selling when the land 
yields more than those securities. Another reason why lifé 
tenants refrain from selling is, that they cannot dispose of 
the mansion and demesne without a special order of court. 

Again, when a tenant becomes bankrupt, the estate passes 
to an assignee, who cannot sell, while the bankrupt tenant 
has no inducement to dispose of the property. Lord 
Herschell attaches great importance to the diffusion of 
land, for many reasons, one of which is, that he believes no 
property to be really safe unless it has for its support the 
self-interest of a great number of the people. To such 
diffusion he regards limited ownership as the chief 
obstacle, and, therefore, it must have been on grounds of 
temporary expediency, and not on principle, that he pro- 

posed the mere limitation of life tenancies to the children 
of an owner, of course including a newly-born infant, whose 
inheritance would be tied up in the hands of a life tenant 
for nearly twenty-one years. 


Lord Salisbury, while concurring in the belief that an. 


extensive distribution of land in small parcels among the 
people would be valuable, entirely denied that the aboli- 
tion of life tenancies would promote that object. Ifa man 
wants to sell little bits of land, the noble lord contended, 
he can do so now, as the sale is as unrestrained as it is 
ever likely to be. In making this assert‘or, Lord Salisbu 
ignored the hindrances to the sale of settled land, which: 
Lord Herschell had just been pointing out. Bat he went 


further than this, boldly asserting that the prohibition of. 


settlement would have an effect contrary to that which was 
desired. ‘If the tendency of land is to mass and get into 
aggregation,’ he said, “the more easy you make the 
transfer of land from one man to another, the more that 
tendency will work.’’ This view of the case he emphasised 
when he added :—“ If, as I believe, the tendency of land 


will always be to get itself into few hands—because land ‘ 
is an unremunerative investment, and, therefore, must, to * 
a certain extent, be the investment of rich men—for that 


reason the more you make it easy for land to pass from 


hand to hand, the more you may expect it; on the whole, | 


to get into fewer hands.” If this argument were a valid 


one, it would be as forcible against the Lord Chancellor's’ 


proposed iegislation for the simplification and cheapening of 


transfer and the abolition of primogeniture andestates tail, as _ 
against the prohibition of settlements. A little examination 

however, will show the fallacy of the argument. Experience ° 
proves that the system which Lord Salisbury defends has | 
not prevented the aggregation of land in the past, 
which he admits and laments. He might reply that the - 


aggregation took place in spite of what he regards as 
hindrances; but the burden of proof certainly rests with 
him. He relies on the fact that land is unremunerative 
as an investment, to prove that what has happened under 
all kinds of hindrances to the sale of land would take place 
more extensively under complete free trade in land. But 
to whom is land unremunerative as an investment? Surely 
to the man who desires to become possessed of a great 
estate to let to tenants. And to whom is it remunerative ? 
Why, to the village tradesman or shopkeeper who desires 
to purchase land for the extension of his business 
premises, or for pasturage for a horse or a cow, or for 


other accommodation, and who, in numbers of villages, © 


cannot purchase a piece of land near his house on any 
terms. We are not enthusiasts for peasant-proprietorship, 
but we can imagine worse investments for money saved 
by thrifty men than a piece of land, near a town or village, 
at the present low value, on which milk, poultry, egys, 
fruit, and vegetables might be produced for retail sale. 
We do not doubt that there will always be rich men 
who will purchase estates, regardless of pecuniary advan- 
tage, for the purpose of ‘founding a family,” and 
acquiring the dignity of the country gentleman’s position ; 
although we may remark, in passing, that the inducements 
are not what they were when the squire was lord of all 
he surveyed, and could control elections, and preserve game 
to his heart’s content. But these are not the men who 


are deterred from purchasing laud by the costs of transfer, _ 


SLs Sackte staat Rea temae es andieeenes tera coe 
ne en Tere appar pence fatness 


mene 


ee emer atin, = Sheen at tiene tinea sertpca tie nantes bntasn eppinatintect~arareieaiehyginnbinitonttialln te 


Oe eee a a al ac a ile el 


Deak ee oe Le ee ceo 


eae eae 





THE ECONOMIST. 


or who are debarred from attaining their object by limited 
ownership. They can go where they like to purchase, and 
they do not require to go very many miles in most counties 
in order to find an estate for sale. The small men, on the 
other hand, must buy near their homes, or not at all, and 
to them the cost of transfer, often equalling the value of 
the land, is commonly a fatal hindrance to purchase. | 
On another point, Lord Salisbury distinctly joins issue 
with popular opinion. It is commonly believed that life- 
tenancy tends to discourage the improvement of an estate. 
Not so, says Lord Salisbury, for it restrains the tendency 
to mortgage land, and “ nothing injures the management 
of land so much as the fact that it is under heavy mort- 
.” Of course, all encumbrances are bad, including 
mo s, and we should be the last to commend the 
practice of buying large tracts of land with so little avail- 
able capital-as to necessitate a heavy mortgage at the outset. 
Still, it cannot be admitted that a mortgage is necessarily as 
great a hindrance to theimprovement of an estate as limited 
ownership is. The mortgagor, indeed, may borrow money 
for the express purpose of carrying out improvements; 
and where that is not the case, the existence of a mortgage 
does not diminish the desire to improve, though it may 
prevent the attainment of that desire. Tt is as much to 
the interest of the owner of a mortgaged estate to effect 
remunerative improvements upon it as it is to that of an 
unembarrassed owner. On the other hand, it is never to 
the interest of a life tenant to spend money in improving 
the land which he holds. If he is a wealthy man, he may 
improve in spite of this; but that is the utmost that can 
be said on this side of the question. If he has several 
children, every penny he spends on his estate is a wrong 
to the younger ones, and an uncalled-for bonus to the too- 
highly-favoured heir. It is true that many of the great 
settled estates are better managed than smaller properties 
held under what is termed absolute ownership; but that 
is in spite of the limited character of the proprictary 
rights, and not because of it. 
isagreeing as we do with Lord Salisbury, we are not 
at all disposed to blame the Lord Chancellor for not 
including provisions for the abolition of life-ownersbip in 
his Bill. What he attempts is quite enough for a single 
measure, and to have attempted more sont have been to 
court failure. If even five years ago anyone had pre- 
dicted that a Tory Lord Chancellor would in the year 1887 
introduce a measure abolishing primogeniture and estates 
tail, as wellas making a bold attempt to facilitate and 
cheapen its transfer of land, he would have been laughed 
at. It is no slight reform to get rid of the legal pre- 
sumption in favour of primogeniture, even though it 
operates only in case of intestacy, for when the sanction 
of the law is withdrawn from a custom which is an in- 
justice to every member of a family but the eldest. son, it 
is reasonably to be expected that the custom will become 
less fashionable. With respect to the provisions of the 
Bill relating to registration, all that can be said for them 
is, that they are good as far as they go. That they do not 
go far enough was conclusively shown in the debate in 
the House of Lords, and we may expect to see attempts 
made to extend them in Committee. The proposal is to 
ereate a Land Registration Board in yin and 
gradually to organise branch offices in districts of the 
country generally, so that in each district there will be a 
local office and a local register, When a branch office has 
been organised, an Order in Council may declare that no 
transfer of land shall take place in the district without 
registration. It is further provided that a person who 
has obtained what is known under the Land Transfer Act 
of{1875 asa possessing title, may;obtain, after five years, an 
absolute title by giving certain notices during the period, 
and complying with otherconditions. But registration is not 
y to be compulsory, except when sale takes place, and not 
then until a branch office in the district has been 
organised. It is obvious, therefore, that the progress of 
registration will be very slow under the Lord Chancellor's 
Bill, and the question is, whether it cannot be so 
amended as to render the progress more rapid, if not prac- 
tically instantaneous. One objection raised to compul- 
sory and universal registration is the expense. Upon this 
point wecannot agree with Lord Herschell, when he con- 
tends that, as simple and cheap transfer is for the public 
advantage, the public should pay the cost of registration 


[April 30, 1887, 


offices until they become self-supporting. The landless 
are, aud are likely to be for the preseut generation at 
least, so vastly in the majority, that it would be intolerable 
to tax them for the purpose of securing the titles of the 
owners of real estate. The difficulty of expense can 
searcely be insuperable, and it is to be hoped that the 
Government, having taken a bold step in this proposed 
reform, will accept the suggestions of Lord Herschell and 


others, and make their registration system more speedily 
and extensively operative. ’ 


THE PROPOSED CHANG? IN THE STAMP 
DUTIES, AND ITS PROBABLE EFFECTS UPON 
SECURITIES. 


Tue Chancellor of the Exchequer’s proposal to give 
joint-stock companies the option of compounding for the 
payment of the stamp duty upon the transfer of their 
securities gains considerably in importance upon further 
consideration. At present, virtually, all Home securities 
are subject to an ad valorem stamp duty of 10s per cent. 
upon a transfer being made, the only important excep- 
tion being debenture stocks, upon which only 2s 64d per 
cent. is now paid—an exception, however, which it is 
rightly proposed to abolish in the Budget for the current 
year. Bat in lieu of the present 10 per cent. stamp duty 
upon transiers, the Chancellor of the Exchequer proposes 
to offer joint-stock companies the option of paying 
annually a duty of 1s ve cent, upon their capital, 
by which he expects to obtain, if anything, rather more 
than under the present system, while at the same time he 
extends the sound principle of taxing at the fountain-head 
instead of lower down. To this proposal it has been 
objected that its optional character islikely to lead directly 
to a decrease in revenue since companies having but few 
transfers would refrain from compounding, while those 
having many transfers would find it much cheaper to 
make the one payment of ls per cent. per annum upon 
their capital than for their shareholders to pay 10s per 
cent. upon each transfer. In fact, it is said that most 
companies would deal with the option of composition 
according as their shareholders would gain or lose by it— 
a fact which could be easily tested from their stock 
registers, and which could not fail to affect adversely the 
revenue from this source. 

This objection is, however, somewhat superficial. It is 
certainly right that the proposed composition should be 
optional; but, despite this, there is little reason to 
believe that it will work in the way supposed. Assum- 
ing that it becomes law, let us see what are likely to be 
the results. In the first place, there can be no donbt that 
many important companies would find it advantageous 
for their shareholders to compound for the transfer 
duties, since the amount paid as composition would be 
less than the stamp duty paid upon transfers. In such cases 
the companies could either themselves charge upon transfei s 
a sum sufficient to recoup what was paid for compoti- 
tion, or else they could sacrifice this source of income, 
and so free their securities from transfer duty altogether. 
It might perhaps appear that the former course would 
be supported by the great number of shareholders who, 
having little disposition to speculate, rarely shift their 
holdings of securities; but, as a matter of fact, there would 
be a strong inducement for even these to assent to the 
change, the reason being an obvious one, viz., the higher 
market prices that would be commanded by their securities 
when freed from the present heavy transfer duties. To 
purchasers such stocks would be worth } per cent. more 
than those of companies which had not compounded, apart 
altogather from the indirect advantages arising out of the 
fact that these stocks being more easily negotiable would 
naturally possessa better market. There is, of course, 
one objection to this, which is, that the cost of 
compounding the stamp duties would have to be deducted 
from the netsurplus available forthe ordinary shareholders 
and in some companies where the ordinary stock bears 
a comparatively small proportion to the total capital, 
this would undoubtedly be a serious matter. On the 
other hand, however, it must be remembered that the 
ordinary stocks would also obtain the largest share of the 
indirect market advantages, since the increase of specula- 





April 30, 1887.] 


tive activity, &c., would principally affect them. On 
the whole, we think that if this pruposal in the Budget 
becomes law, the tendency for companies to free their 
stocks from any transfer duty would be very strong, and 
that as this had effect, the disadvantages resulting from 
the retention of the old duty would be felt so decidedly, 
that few important undertakings would refuse to make 
the change. 

If these changes should come to pass, the Stock 
Exchange would be affected to a most important extent. 
This can be seen at once by assuming that the chief Home 
railway companies compounded the stamp duties, and 
made their stocks free of transfer. The result would be 
a great stimulus to speculation, which would act in this 
way. Under present circumstances, the joint-stock banks 
and money-lenders generally, by whom vast sums 
are constantly lent or ‘‘contangoed,” as it is techni- 
cally termed, from account to account upon the Stock 
Exchange, naturally prefer to lend upon scrip securities, 
since they pass by delivery without charge. They are much 
slower to advance upon registered stocks, because upon 
thesean initial 10 per cent. ad valorem stamp duty has to 
be paid, together with the less important registration fees, 
and this accounts for the higher rates of interest on ‘‘ con- 
tangoes”’ so often paid upon sound Home railway stocks 
as compared with foreign securities, or the gambling 
counters of the American railway market. If, however, 
this obstacle were removed, the loan money of the open 
market would freely flow into Home railway stocks, 
which would become very similar to stocks to bearer. This 
would greatly quicken speculation, for money-lenders 
would be always on the alert to “ take-in ” in these stocks, 
aud this, by keeping the rates of interest on Stock Exchange 
loans low, would offer so much the more inducement to 
speculators either to extend or prolong their operations. 

he effect upon the markets as a whole would be con- 
siderable, especially upon some of the leading classes of 
Home securities ; but it would doubtless take place slowly. 


As the stamp duties are now attracting some attention, 
and as it is not improbable that in the near future an 
attempt may be made to remedy some of the 
anomalies which they still present, it may be well to 
draw attention to one point that has escaped attention. 
By an Act passed in 1885, the stamp duty on securi- 
ties to bearer and “ foreign securities ” was increased to 10s 
per cent.; but, rather strangely, this does not apply to 
the great bulk of American railway securities, which pass 
free-of tax altogether. It is difficult to see why this 
should be, for the so-called share certificates of American 
railways are certainly ‘foreign securities,” and are 
essentially as much a security to bearer as, say, Russian 
bonds. In Holland, and also, we believe, in Germany, 
these issues are subject to the same stamp duties as other 
securities, although it so happens that the Dutch duties, 
as a whole, are lower than our own. 


Appended is the text of the clauses in the Budget Bill 
which deal with the proposed alteration in the stamp 
duties :— 


7. In lieu of the duties now payable on a transfer of any deben- 
ture stock or funded debt of any company or corporation, or any 
county stock, whether on sale or otherwise, there shall be charged 
the duties hereinafter mentioned or referred to (that is to say) ; 

Where the transfer is on sale, the same ad valorem duties as are 

charged by the Stamp Act, 1870, upon a conveyance or transfer 
on sale of other property by relation to the amount or value of 
the consideration for the sale ; 

Where the transfer is of any other kind than on sale or mortgage, 

ten shillings ; ‘ 
and in lieu of the duties now payable under section forty-six of the 
Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1881, upon every “‘ Stock Certifi- 
cate to Bearer” there shall be charged upon every such certificate 
a stamp duty of an amount equal to three times the amount of the 
ad valorem stamp duty, which would be chargeable on a deed trans- 
ferring the stock specified in the certificate if the consideration for 
the transfer were the nominal value of such stock. ; 

8.—(1.) By way of composition for certain stamp duties there 
shall be charged upon the aggregate amount appearing on every 
half-yearly account delivered to the Commissioners of Inland 
Revenue as herein-after mentioned for every full sum of one hundred 
pounds, and any fractional part of one hundred pounds of such 
amount the duty of sixpence. 

(2.) The duty shall be a stamp duty, and shall be under the care 
and management of the said Commissioners, who by themselves and 
their officers shall have the same powers and authorities for the 
collection, recovery, and management thereof as are vested in them 
for the collection recovery and management ef any stamp duties, and 


THE ECONOMIST. 


555 


shall have all other powers and authorities requisite for such pur- 
es, 


9.—(1.) Any company or corporation may enter intoan agreement 
with the said commissioners for the delivery of an account showi 

the nominal amount of all the shares, stock, and funded debt o 
such company or corporation, or the amount thereof in respect of 
which payment has been made, if the whole sums payable in 
respect thereof have not been paid ; and after such t has 
been entered into the account shall be immediately delivered to the 


said commissioners, and a like account shall be delivered half yearly 
in each year. 


(2.) The justices of any county, liberty, riding, parts, or division 
of acounty may enter into an agreement with the said commis- 
sioners for the delivery of an account showing the nominal amount 
of all the “county stock,” or the amount thereof in respect of 
which payment has been made, if the whole sums payable in respect 
of such stock have not been paid; and after such agreement has 
been entered into the account shall be immediately delivered to the 
said commissioners, and alike account shali be delivered half yearly 
in each year. 

(3.) The agreement shall specify the officer of the company, cor- 
poration, or cone justices, whether secretary, treasurer, accountant, 
or other officer, by whom the accounts are to be delivered, and 
om officer is hereinafter referred to by the term “ accountable 
officer.” 


10. Every account shall be a full and true account of all shares, 
stock, and funded debt, or county stock existing at the time of the 
delivery of the account, and of the amount thereof in respect of 
which payment has been made, if the whole sums payable in respect 
thereof have not been paid, and shall be made in such form and 
shall contain all such particulars as the said Commissioners shall 
require; and the accountable officer is hereby made answerable 
for the delivery to the said Commissioners of such full and true 
account as aforesaid. 


11.—(1.) ‘The accounts to be delivered to the said Commissioners 
half-yearly shall be delivered on or within seven days before the 
first day of February and the first day of August in each year, 
and the duty hereby imposed shall be paid upon the delivery 
of the account, and if the same be not then paid it shall be a debt 
due t>» Her Majesty from the company, corporation, or county 
justices on whose behalf the account shall have been delivered. 

(2.) Where the first account under this Act shall be delivered by 
any company, corporation, or county justices at any time between 
the said two half-yearly days, such account shall be charged with 
an amount of duty proportionate to the period between the date 
. the delivery of the account and the first succeeding half-yearly 

ay. 

12. In the case of wilful neglect to deliver such an account as is 
hereby required to be delivered, or to pay the duty in conformity 
with this Act, the com tag corporation or county justices shall 
be liable to pay to Her. Majesty a sum equal to ten pounds per 
centum upon the amount of duty — and a like penalty for 
every month after the first month during which such neglect shali 
continue. 

13.—(1.) In the case of any company or corporation formed 
within the United Kingdom, and having registers abroad in which 
shares, stock, or funded debt may be registered, the shares. stock, 
or funded debt of such company or corporation shall not for the 
purposes of the account under this Act include the shares, stock, or 
funded debt for the time being registered abroad. 

(2.) In the case of any colonial or foreign company or corpora- 
tion having registers in the United aoe in which shares, 
stock, or funded debt are registered, the shares, stocks, or funded 
debt for the time being registered in the United Kingdom shall for 
the purposes of the account under this Act be regarded as consti- 
tuting all the shares, stock, or funded debt of the company or 
corporation. : ‘ 

14.—(1.) The provisions as to composition contained in section 
fifty-three of the Inland Revenue Act, 1880, shall not apply to any 
debenture stock, corporation stock, municipal stock, or funded debt, 
by whatever name known, created or issued after the passing of 
this Act by the council of any city or municipal borough. — 

(2.) The provision as to composition contained in section three 
and four of the Metropolitan rd of Works (Loans) Act, 1870, 
and section fifty-four of the Inland Revenue Act, 1880, shall not 
apply to Metropolitan Consolidated Stock and Metropolitan 
Annuities issued or granted after the first day of August one 
thousand one hundred and eighty-seven ; and by way of composi- 
tion for stamp duties on the transfers thereof the Metropolitan 
Board of Works shall deliver to the said Commissioners half-yearly 
accounts, in conformity with this Act, of all Metropolitan Consolt- 
dated Stoek and Metropolitan Annuities issued or granted after 
such day. 

15. So soon as any account has been delivered, and payment of 
the duty hereby im has been made, transfers of any shares, 
stock, or funded debt, or county stsxck included in such account, 
and also any share warrants or stock certificates relating to such 
shares, stock, or funded debt, or county stock, shall be exempt 
from stamp duty. 

16. Where an agreement for composition under this Act has been 
entered into by any company, or corporation, or county justices, 
such company or corporation or county justices shall have power, 
in additioa to any fee exigible upon registration of any transfer of 
shares, stock, or funded debt, or county stock, as the case may be, 
or upon issue of any share warrant, or stock certificate relating 
thereto, to require payment of an amount not exceeding the 
amount of stamp duty which would have been chargeable upon the 


transfer or share warrant or stock certificate if no euch agreement, , 


had been entered into. 


A ib IOs Me YR Rianne iting cn ibe http tti ts EGA hi CY aig 


vrais ace aaeaen dae eae ee 


a ee 


owe 


a Phaeton ee acacia entation gett tintihc ena Ram eal ioe thes 


TSEa nen 


moe co~cnagpalline- nian ncnamatapen ines ate 


SOLE PALS (HLS. AE Dept Ta APR Re 


a a ase 


ee eed 


RRR TT 


a a a 


sepa ape cable A NEANE ERE OBE PS he 








LST PA ei 
ane 


in es Oi ite agra eke 


rast 4 rad 
it AM. » Ca 





———OOOOOleeeee_e_e_e_____e=_a{nee_a]{lel_e_e_—_—_caVXVX—X—X—X—X—re—VW0oVooeeee——e—, 


THE ECONOMIST. 


[April 30, 1887. 





THE TEA TRADE. 
(CoMMUNICATED.) 


Tnx season now drawing to a close has been an eventful 
one for importers and producers of tea, as it has witnessed 
what is ibly the climax of the struggle between China 
and India, now supplemented by Ceylon, for supremacy of 
the home market. 

Early in the autumn, when it became known that the 
receipts from all sources would be little short of 230 mil- 
lion Ibs, whereas the highest estimate of requirements was 
about 240 million lbs, it was evident that whenever the 
pressure to sell became heavy prices would give way, and 
the dealers consequently adopted a most cautious policy, 
endeavouring nai as possible to throw the onus of carry- 
ing stocks upon importers. The China shippers, 
encouraged by the prevailing opinion that their teas were 
of good average quality and cheaply bought, were not 
disposed to meet the situation, but held out for their 
prices with more than usual tenacity. The Indian 
and Ceylon importers, on the other hand, followed 
their customary policy of selling rapidly on arrival, 
whereby early in the season a scale of price was established 
for all but the finest descriptions much below the usual 
currencies, and sufficiently low to attract universal atten- 
tion from the home trade—and even from exporters, who 
had hitherto been unable to push Indian tea in other 
markets on account of its price—with the result that an 
unprecedented increase in consumption followed at the 
expense of China tea. The change in the relative positions 
of the competitors for the favour of the trade is best 
illustrated by the following figures, showing the home 
consumption for the six months October-March during the 
past six years :— 


pene nientntapleetaepiinngrendcinnegttpeamnsemapntinninntinnitiey 





} <3 
Home Indian ‘ S 
Consumption. | and Ceylon China and Java. z § 
| 3 
32° 
Oct.-Mar., 1886-7 43,500,000 Ib. | 48,500,000 Ib. 47 % 
= >» 1885-6) 34,500,000 ,, 55,000,000 ,, (384,,/614., 
4 >» 1884-5) 36,500,000 ,, 59,000,000 ,, (38 ,, 
% * 9 1883-4 30,500,000 ” 57,000,000 ” 343 ” 653 ” 
e »» 1882-3 29,500,000 ,, 59,000,000 ,, (334 ,,1664 
i » 1881-2! 23,000,000 ,, 59,000,000 ,, (28 ,,/72 


The natural result of this marked advance in the con- 
aeons of Indian and decline in that of China has been 
to effect a gradual readjustment of their respective values, 
Indian having risen while China has fallen ; but the move- 
ment in either direction has been slow, and not yet 
sufficient to turn the scale in favour of China, as the per- 
centage of Indian and Ceylon delivered during March 
reached the highest point vet attained. The reasons are 
that the retailers have become impressed with the superior 
value of Indian tea, and importers have continued to 
realise freely, notwithstanding the probability of higher 
prices resulting from depletion of stocks in the summer ; 
whereas the China merchants have been slow to face the 
position, and have not forced the market. 

Importers have now to consider what action to take 
during the coming season, in view of a possible supply of 
85 million lbs from India and 15 millions from eylon. 
_Allowing for 5 millions from Java, the total required from 
China, to meet a total requirement of 225 million lbs, will 
be 120 million lbs ; and what this shrinkage of the China 
trade implies will be seen from the following figures 
showing the import from China during the past six 
seasons : 

Torat Curva Iwport. 


Lbs. 
OSE pe lac tg abel ase 140,000,000 
DME hihi ctetch acc iene, 143,000,000 
ats 139,250,000 
St 148,750,000 
Be MN cise vnd ckasoser tcacsooceinoesec 146,000,000 
Se I ok ores aleee atieaen be 159,500,000 


The questions which follow, and which will ultimately 
decide the matter, are—(1) Can Indian and Cevlon tea 
be produced to sell at the prices of the past season, or at 
even lower rates? (2) Can China tea be shipped at such 





acaneasansagcnaannaneasnenaemepeasnomenmaneaaanenmennnonennrnerene mee ee CL A eeepc na 








a low cost as will enable it to recover its position, leaving 
comparisons of quality and relative value out of view ? 
From all we can learn, there is still a fair profit upon 
the growth of Indian tea, even at present prices, and it 
will probably require many seasons less profitable than 
this one to restrict production. For some years past 

lanters have been preparing for a crisis, and in the 
interval have found means for reducing expenditure in 
many ways, until it is now found practicable to lay 
down crops in London at a cost which was deemed 
to be impossible a few years ago. In many cases 
this has been effected by a system of cultivation 
which enables from 600 lbs to 800 lbs of tea to be harvested 
from each acre of plant, and although the system gives a 
crop not worth more than 94d or 10d per lb on the present 
basis of price, the cost being thereby reduced to 8d per lb, 
or less, it is clear that the point has not yet been reached 
which will check production. The alternative method 
pursued by planters whose estates are favourably situated 
with regard to soil, climate, and plant—of making a smaller 

uantity of much finer tea—has been so successful, owing to 
the good prices still commanded by fine Indian tea, that 
some reaction in the direction of smaller crops and higher 
quality may be seen, but the risk attaching to such a policy 
will deter the majority from pursuing it. Few results of 
the past season’s working have yet been published—and it 
is unnecessary to anticipate them—but it is pretty well 
knowfi that those estates, which represent the system 
of making fine tea, such as the Jorehaut, Jhanzie, Borokai, 
Luckimpore, Scottish Assam, Tiphook, and many Darjeel- 
ing gardens, also some of those who adopt the opposite 
policy of making very heavy crops, have had a profitable 
year. The result of this will be to attract fresh capital to 


the industry, and to stimulate the faery of growers |j 


rather than to check it. Ceylon teais another important 
factor of the future, for its merits have gained it so much 
favour from the trade, that, notwithstanding the supply 
has doubled, its average value for the season holds 
at about 1s 2d per ib, a price which leaves a 
considerable margin of profit, the cost of pro- 
duction being even less than that of Indian. 


China has, therefore, to face the certainty of increased | 


supplies from Ceylon and India, andthe probability of 
growers being able to hold their ground with still lower 
prices—for the means of reducing cost have not yet been 
exhausted. Those who know the Chinamen expect that 
they will not retire from the contest without making a 
on effort to recover their trade; and their anxiety to 

eep it has been proved by their consigning tea on their 


own account to the States and London through the | 


Commission houses when buyers in China refuse to 
operate. Their experience, however, of this sort of 
business has not been encouraging, and they are probably 
astute enough to see that it will pay them better 
to reduce and -regulate supplies instead of glutting 
the foreign markets. And when it is considered 
what an insignificant fraction of the total trade in 
China the quantity exported forms, 20 or 30 millions more 
or less of foreign trade is not a great matter after all. 
Two courses seem open to them—the one, to find means 
of lowering their prices to the point at which they can sell 
Congou at 4d or 44d per pound (which, so far, has not 
been practicable); the other, to improve the make and 
quality of their tea, and bring smaller supplies to the 
ports. There is no doubt that the average British con- 
sumer still ev good China tea, and that the trade 
would pay a fair price for it ; but for a long series of years 
the character of China tea has been steadily deteriorating, 
until the bulk of the crop is now so far inferior to Indian 
and Ceylon that when prices come to about the same level, 
there is no question as to which the trade will give the 
preference. There is a third alternative—viz., such a 
growth of consumption as would enable us to absorb the 
increased crops while taking the same quantity of China 
as hitherto; but the figures of the past six years hardly 
justify such a hope. They are as follows :— 


Lbs. 
Home consumption United Kingdom, 1886-7 (about) 183,500,000 
” is 1385-6 ,, _ 160,000,000 
ee it 1884-5 *202,500,000 
%» in 1883-4 ,, 171,000,000 
i. is 1882-3 ,, 170,000,000 


: 3 1881-2 ,, 159,500,000 
* Owing to heavy clearances when an increase in the duty was feared. 


etc 














April 30, 1887.] 


Allowing for growth of population, consumption seems 
to be increasing very slowly, but we believe that Mr 


Goschen’s opinton that this is not really the case is 

correct, and that the explanation is as he stated, that the 

82 or 83 millions of Indian and Ceylon tea now consumed 

‘|| being stronger, and therefore more economical, represent a 

i] much greater weight of China tea, such as formed the 
bulk of the deliveries prior to 1881. 


}| Notwithstanding that consumption makes only slow 
forward movement, the position of tea, from a market 
point of view, is much sounder than it was a few years 
ago: the speculative element has almost disappeared ; 
the custom of “hand to mouth” buying, now so general, 
has largely reduced the “ invisible supplies’ held out of 
bond by retailers; while, owing to the determination of 
importers and dealers not to carry heavy stocks over from 
one season to another, the stock in the bonded ware- 
house is now 20 million lbs less than it was six years ago, 
to meet the wants of a trade 2 millions per month heavier. 
The effect of this is felt in the sensitiveness of prices 
whenever, from any reason, a general demand sets in. 

A broad review of the position, then, is distinctly 
favourable to the Indian and Ceylon interest—in which, 
as a purely British industry, we are most concerned—and 
for the reasons above mentioned, es ecially the fact that 
cost of production has been so much lowered, and popu- 
larity with the home trade firmly established, the outlook 
is encouraging to those whose capital and energies are 
employed in these great industries of India and Ceylon. 


BUSINESS NOTES. 


Tue Bupcet Desate.—There was here and there a 
slight tinge of bitterness in Lord Randolph Churchill's 
criticism of Mr Goschen’s Budget, but otherwise Monday 
night’s debate was excellent, both in tone and in substance. 
{| The financial questions involved were discussed with 
calmness and moderation on both sides; and although 
there is little chance of Mr Goschen being induced or 
compelled to reconsider his proposals, such a protest has 
been entered against his unjustifiable inroad upon the 
Sinking Fund, as will go far to deter him, or those who 
may follow him, from repeating the step. We have already 
expressed our Opinion as to the unwise and mischievous 
character of this portion of Mr Goschen’s scheme, and it 


would be a waste of time to dwell further upon it. We 
feel compelled, however, again to emphasise the point, that 


to speak of the appropriation of the Sinking Fund as an 
act of justice to the payers of income tax is to pervert the 
real issue. Of the two millions which Mr Goschen has 
appropriated only 400,000/ go to the income tax payers. Of 
the remainder, 600,000/ are devoted to reducing the taxes 
upon commodities, which Mr Goschen himself admits 
now bear too small a proportion to the total revenue, 
while 330,000/ are thrown away in grants which are in- 
capable of defence in principle, and which will afford no 
appreciable relief to the ratepayers. Had Mr Goschen 
been so minded, we have sufficient confidence in his 
financial ability to feel sure that he could have devised 
means by which all the relief that has been given to the 
taxpayers could have been afforded without drawing 
upon the Sinking Fundat ail. It is to carry out the other 
portions of his scheme that the two millions have been 
#| seized, and if the appropriation is to be defended, it must 
be on other grounds than that it will redress the balance 
of taxation in favour of the over-burdened payers of income 
tax. 


_ Tae Irattan Tarirr.—It has already been explained 
in the Economist that various changes, involving an 
increase in the rates of Customs duties, are contemplated. 
The new Italian Ministry, as one of their measures to 
meet the existing deficit in the revenue, have obtained the 
assent of Parliament to a Bill by which the import duties 
on mineral oils, cartridges and gunpowder, cereals, con- 
ectionery, biscuits, cocoa, chocolate, and a few other 
commodities, are raised. The Law was passed last week, 


THE ECONOMIST. 


557 


published in the official journal on the 21st inst., and put 
into force the following day. The increase is considerable. 
For instance, in mineral oils, the duty on crude is raised 
from 27 to 38 lire per quintal, that on refined from 33 
to 47, and the duty on biscuits, from 25 to 40 lire per 
quintal. This last change will affect some E 
makers; but otherwise the alterations of duties do not 
affect the trade in our manufactures between this 
country and Italy. An effort will be made, it now 
appears, to discuss the new tariff in the present Session, 
which will be a matter of importance to our trade, but it 
is doubtful whether it can be passed. 


_ Prorits Anp Losses or German Trape.—An examina- 

tion of the 1886 balance-sheets of public companies, 
published in Germany, yields some very interesting in- 
formation. Limiting ourselves to industrial and mining 
concerns, and extending our observation to 327 companies, 
we find that nearly half of these have declared no dividend 
for last year, while only in 73 cases has the dividend 
increased, though it has decreased in 86 cases. A full 
statement is as follows :— 


Industrial 


Increase of dividend 
Decrease 6 

Same dividend as 1885 

No dividend in 1885 and 1886 
No dividend at all 


Where no dividend, or less dividend, is declared, it is 
generally explained in excuse that competition has been 
unusually severe, that the financial situation has been 
unfavourable, and that trade, as a whole, has suffered 
from depression. By comparison of the foregoing figures, 
it will be seen that mining concerns have fared far worse 
than ordinary industrial concerns. While of the 226 
industrial concerns enumerated 198 (or 65 per cent.) have 
declared a dividend of some kind, of the 101 mining 
concerns only 44 (or 43 per cent.) have been able to 
declare a dividend, whether less or greater. This, how- 
ever, only bears out the reports of German trade and 
industry which have from time to time appeared in our 
columns, The industrial ‘and mining companies in the 
above enumeration which have paid no dividend for 1886 
represent an aggregate capital of 206,462,600 marks, of 
which 99,047,801 marks fall to industrial and 107,414,800 
marks to mining undertakings. The number of companies 
paying over 5 per cent. is very considerable, 18 pay 10 per 
cent., and more than that pay from 10 to 43} per cent., 
though the latter figure is, of course, extraordinary. 
Against these high dividends, however, are to be placed 
the many dividends ranging from 4 per cent. to ¢ per 
cent., and these make the average very moderate. 
Where competition is complained of in the reports of 
these companies, it is generally home competition. 
According to some reports, the markets are scoured for 
business as they never were before, and many firms 
appear to be heedless of profit if only they can secure 
orders. As it is only concerns with ample capital which can 
afford this extravagance, small undertakings have natu- 
rally suffered most from competition. But not only has 
home competition been at work: foreign, and especially 
English, competition hasalso played its part. The report of 
a large Saxon paraffin candle manufactory admits frankly 
that the Scotch paraffin industry has “barricaded the 
way ” of the company’s paraffin and candles into foreign 
countries. As a consequence, the dividend of the concern 
has fallen from 15 per cent. in 1885 to 7 per cent. in 
1886. These reports and balance-sheets are, on the 
whole, unfavourable to German industry, for not only do 
they show that a largely increased trade has brought with 
it poor financial results, but they also show that the home 
market is so cut up by competition, that profits are becom- 
ing harder than ever of attainment. 


Unrtep States AND CanapiaAN FisHery Sratistics.— 
The United States Bureau of Statistics has recently 
published some figures contrasting the value of the 
American and Canadian fisheries. According to these, 


ees 


aa 


sy ect pen entan 


Ne asa oy a 
oe 


aN Cott mata ain -tepecinlh step 


beaten: Karak cate est se Ca cast oe ate 


annette eens eee 


mtn ne 


See ene ee et aed anf ee, Se ne eee ee eae 











558 _- THE ECONOMIST. [April 30, 1887, 








the total value of the former in 1879 (no later figures Writs anv Beroqvests.—The Jilustrated London News 


d ll __. | gives the following list of wills proved, with the amount 
being available) was $43,046,000, composed as follows : © the person alty . ah bes 


| $ 
1 Now England Stases.................0rcssseresssnerereensacceserese 14,271,000 | Baroness Betty de Rothschild, late of 19 Rue Lafitte, 
‘ 





£ 

Middle States, exclusive of Great Lake fisheries .. ...... 8,677,000 iii sunita sae aati ts Aes S. catnas sLabibaatanicades 377,000 
Biiinerm Atiamihs Btabam..............00ccesscccscneccssrccensscens $,602,000 | Paul Athanase Fouché DuciD’Otrante, late of Avenue 

iS a IGA CSN cc daiceectbccatdacengeseense 1,228,000 Gambetta, St Germain-et-Laye, Paris .....................+5. 20,000 
Pacific States and Territories.............:....c0cccsseeseeeeees 7,484,000 | Mr John Snook, late of Belmont Castle, Bedhampton, 

IT I coins cscntunin te pik otaps s hunititnigneshjabs “nstbuntdnnse see 1,784,000 MAIR | isis. his nniccikens didevenvpvoebetdosinboedd sont ccaubeverbubscese. 134,000 
—— | Sir William Patrick Andrew, C.LE., late of 29 Bryanston 

The United States ........ Aae soc ioacas aia ncleteiiag oie 43,046,000 a ol sk ect divile 102,000 


Mr Percy William Doyle, C.B., late of 5 Halfmoon street 54,000 
: ; : Mr Benjamin Lancaster, late of Sunnyside, Bournemouth 135,000 
The following were the figures for the Canadian fisheries | \{; Robert Heath, late of Putney ........cccccccccscecsm veseee 71,000 

in 1880 and 1885 :— Mr Joseph Donnell, late of The Mount, Tarvin Sands, near 
I ii Ni sgl slips er ekasapheabanmiacsypibenins sabe 7,000 
Miss Caroline Beck, late of 24, Connaught square............ 25,000 
Mr Moses Lea, late ‘of 58 Marylands road, St Peter’s park 20,000 


Provinces, 1885. 1880. 





















S $ 
Nova Scotia .........-+ 8,283,923 ...... 6,291,061 











— ¢ Biwaed i stil dia 4,005,451 ...... 2,744,447 ee 
nce Edward Island 1,293,430 ...... 1,675,089 
. ee 1,719,460 |... 2,631,556 Foreign Correspondence, 
i, Qrnttaties....caie.-.200008:0- 1,342,692 ...... 444,491 
' British Columbia ...... 1,078,038 dsesee 713,336 F R A N C E 
URE ks sa 00ne0 17,722,974 — ..o00e 14,499,980 (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPON DENT.) 


Paris, April 28, 
The returns of the Bank of France for this week, last 


week; and the corresponding week of last year are as 
follows :— 


Judging by these figures, the aggregate products of the 
| American fisheries in- 1879 were threo times as great as 

those of Canada in 1880, and two and a-half times as great 
as those of 1885. And in connection with the retaliatory 


Se 





DssToR 
measures that have been threatened, the following figures ; April 28, 1807. April 21,1887 April £2, 1886 
‘wen :-— Capital of the bank... 188,600,000 o ww. 182,500,009... -«:182,500,000 0 
are given : rot = aes to capi. 
Imports Imports rt Law of June 9 
into he United aaah the ont eas ress 8,002,318 54 «. 8,002,313 54 ... 8,002,318 54 
e2 : rve 0 an 
States from British North branches... vee 22,105,760 14 0 22,105,750 14 ... 22,105,750 14 
the British American Posses- | aeervs of innded property anGaen 9“. aug aun 9 =. 4.000000 ¢ 
North American sions from the ere on ee. lee ee oS 
Puanloan United States. Retesia circulation... aad 2,752,587 480 © .., 2,749,796,155 O ... 2,851,836,455 © 
Years. $ ferred or deposited ...... 10,143,534 30 ... 11,278,990 1 . 12,412,234 64 
UE akicheedipiuliedé 37,406,000 _.............4. 49,773,000 knotes to order, oni 
EE caventaneessitle 36,960,000 53,397,000 estate peuatic 0h sight., 31,698,497 17 ., SL21,271 4 w 31,186,741 21 
DFS see rerecevenens account current 
EE etre visaeroes 39,015,000 sien dganichaahs 59,845,000 tor ce eo 228,470,469 83 4. 209,697,191 63 .. 183,447,014 65 
a CURE  Ssencressoneses 65,018,000 accounts, Paris...... 334,907,308 76 ... 304,343,789 83 .., &19,271,080 11 
eee BEAR COD | ........5ces00s 55,270,000 Do branch banks ....0.000 56,654,720 0 50,308,725 O w. 57,117,887 0 
1881 38,041,000 000 Dividends aon soninsecss 1,$16,189 50 ,,, 1,893,192 50 ,,. 2,016,746 50 
Pee ee meee eenee . eee ee ee eeweeees ’ ’ Discount ontey e 
1880 thes cbitedbuinitcl vice SRTRGBGD ~ 5 cvscinvedissss 41,926,000 mate — 8,583,789 76 ... 8,169,823 17 .. 9,026,352 58 
BIO nniesieass sen SMITE cnceseid-sckins 45,196,000 Geltnamnnas, ‘the last ™ 
Ty bieer mie SE IITOGO .... cccsncaoe 50,384,000 TONEDG vesvssssrnssvrsres 1,201,842 89 4. 1,291,842 89 wo. 1,051,840 § 
1877 24,277 000 53,524,000 Sundries ...... ee ereene nares 29,147,072 93 oe 24, 8381, 967 92 soe 24,655,950 3 
tee ee eee eters $ se eeeeeeweeree —_—_—_—_—_— i ON REN 
BOGS csiccisiciscies 29,010,000 .............000. 45,502,000 Total ..........00..... 3,6077,956,347 98 .., 3,62 $,620,498,456 £6 ...8,820,047,t39 64 
‘tee sildndigagndiipiddicinasiihi one 
Guhp ie tanh on and in nape. aaiy: t f Ce as cava . 
341,001 18 . , 2,840,390198 55... 2,424,00 5 
Tse Divipenps or tHe Leapine Correr Mings.— | Oomumerciaibilisoverdue...  46,06219 .. 177,741 96... 63423 1 
Commercial bills discounted 


The fall in the price of copper during the past two or 
three years has brought about a striking change in the 
dividends of the companies producing that metal. This is 


in Paris not yet due .. 232,946,359 83 ... 205,515,572 78 ... 255,745,955 37 

Commercial bills, branch ‘ 

DADKS ceccccccccecsesserceres 992,745,108 © ... 364,875,364 © ... 405,753,915 0 

Advances on deposits of 
bullion 


i ivi ivi pie eades + BAB BCO Ow, 400 0 .. 7,575,500 0 
shown by the following figures, giving the dividends of Fog sqomons se a! ne P1099C0 0 
the three leading companies, and the annual average prices | De in public securities .. 132,684,101 85 ... 138,545,599 86 .., 128,776,379 75 


Do by banks........ 142,782,692 © .., 145,161,634 0 .., 188,785,009 0 
Advance to the State (Con- 

ventions, June 10, 1857 

and March 29, 1878) ...... 140,000,000 © ... 140,000,000 0 ... 140,000,000 0 
Government stock reserve., 12,980,750 14 .,, 12,980,750 14 .,, 12,980,750 14 


of Chili bars in London since 1884 :— 


io 1885. 1884, 


; ¢ te % Do dieposable.-......... 99,610,408 28 .. 99,610,408 23... 9,026,704 48 
Wile GOs SS, Ba 8 Rentes ilisées (Law 000,000 0 
Mason and Barry ................ - 2 3% 8 ean peep or of the OS: PTD, Bie, SNA 
Tharsis Sulphur and Copper ... 74 10 20 bank and landed pro- _ 
£ £ perty branches re 18 oun.719 z vee 1s 948.718 £ a angi a 
manhagemen aT ’ 65,320 oe , if eee ’ , 
CE BOR iret scicotonnesis (per ton) 40} 444 544 Employ of the special 


re- 
BETVE...cecccscssseresssesseeee 11,017,44416 .., 11,017,444 16 ., 11,517,444 16 
BUNA TICS ......ec-secsessereeeerse. 49,208,296 73 .., 49,044,266 86 ... 76,147,032 78 


eee 
man et: NO 


Total ..........0.s0++0+.-.3,677,856,847 98 .., 3,620,468,156 36 ,, 3,820,047,839 64 


The above return, compared with that for the preceding 
week, exhibits the following changes :— 


The fall in the prices of the shares of these undertakings 


has also been correspondingly severe, as the following 
figures show :— 





Preot —--1886.-——, ——1885.——, ——1884,—— 


Prices. Hghst. Lwst. Hghst. sg a hst. 
Rio Tinto ......... 98 . va : - 108 AB = g Lwst, 


INCREASE. franes. 


- , Senaties cranes eaters 

and Barry 7 vevetecsdnessnnocinceeiseosencrnersosonees . LANES? 
ees er 110g 2 7h aah 8} Private depotitajncgresinsssensmeewesneecresnns 96,900,509 
and Copper ... 3g... 42 ... 32... Oi... 320. 7 ue Bh Discounts gree arn ac paca 55,299,526 


The increase in the discounts is due to the bills sent 1m 
against others that fall due at the end-of the month, and 
the private deposits have been swelled up by preparations 
for the City of Paris loan of 40 millions, the subscription 
for which opens on Saturday. From both those causes 
the market is bare of money for discount, and the outside 
rate has advanced to 2% to 2} per cent. The London 
exchange has further receded to 25f 25ce. No gold 


eae eee 


It rather looks, however, as if these companies must now 
have seen their worst, judging by the prospects of the 
copper market. It is evident from these figures that the 
price of copper in 1886 must have gone very near the cost of 
production, for there are certainly few mines able to put 
copper on the market cheaper than the Rio Tinto. 





; 
2 








| 
| 
1 





April 30, 1887. ] 


operations with foreign countries have taken place. The 
cash in to-day’s return was composed as under :— 





April 28. April 21. 
francs. francs. 
GUE cob ecicndceancs oubeeaugh 1,189,736,109 ...... 1,188,190,829 
QO iaiins Tiders rticcrcds 1,157,604,982 ...... 1,152,199,364 
FORA cmiccsineinns 2,347,341,091 _ ...... 2,340,390,193 


Prices receded to their lowest ebb on Tuesday, when the 


|| difference with Germany was regarded as really serious, 


and Three per Cents. at one moment fell to 79f 30c. 


A pacific settlement has since appeared assured, and the 





THE ECONOMIST. 


market has recovered, but still prices are lower on the 
week. The decline is, however, unimportant, and the 


fall would disappear immediately on the German Govern- 


ment repairing its error. The following were to-day's 


closing rates :— 


Par. April 28, April 21. 
ye c 


f f f oc 
4 Three per Cents........= 100 eee 30 30 toe 80 90 — 0 60 
Redeemable Threes .. 100... 8360 ... 8440 - 080 
|| Four &-a-HalfperCnts. 100 .. 109 574... 10975 - 0 174 
Fea calc ccsenembvenveinen 100 ... 97 $5... 98 25 -—- 040 
Austrian Gold 4% ...... 100 ... 89 50... 90 30 - 080 
Turkish Fours..,....... SS oe 13 60 ... 13 60 hes 
ian Unified ..... 500... 38375 ... 385 0 - 125 
Bank of France Shares 1,000 ... 4,090 0 ... 4,130 0 - 40 0 
Banque de Paris....... ~ 500... 72125 ... 72750 -— 6 25J 
i| Crédit Foncier.......... ~- 500 ... 1,360 «+. 1370 0 - 10 0 
Paris Gas Shares....... o .. 1,360 O ... 1380 0 -— 20 0 
Suez Canal ,............ ~ 500... 2020 0 ... 2033 75 - 13 75 
PEs iceccaiscrgvesiion 500 ... 40625 . 408 75 - 2 50 
Northern Railway...... 400 ... 1,512 50 ... 1,521 25 - §& 75 
Western Railway ..... 500... 85750 ... 865 0 - 7 50 
Orleans Railway....... ~ 500... 1,300 0 ..1305 0 - 5 90 
Eastern Railway....... al one, ee Oe 802 50 -— 7 50 
Lyons Railway ....... ~ 500... 1,265 0 ... 1,270 0 - 5 0 
Southern Railway ..... 500... 1,163 75 ... 1,160 0 + 3 75 
180 0 1838 75 -— 3 75 


South of Austrian Rail 500 ... 


Sexennial Treasury bonds have, during the last few 


{| years, occupied a leading place in the combinations of the 


Minister of Finance. The first issue of them was made 
to p:ovide resources for the Second Liquidation Account, 
when a sum of 982 millions was floated, to bear interest 
at 4 per cent., and redeemable by instalments of 124 to 
170 millions annually between 1880 and 1886. They 


|| were taken up so readily, that subsequent Ministers of 
|| Finance employed the same expedient, first, to meet the 


extraordinary expenditure ; next, to balance the ordinary 
Budgets ; and then to pay the railway guarantees, so that 
they now form a considerable sum, and, at the same 
time, a serious financial danger. The second issue was 
for 239 millions, in 1885, for school buildings and extra- 
ordinary works; next, a creation of 171 millions was autho- 
rised for extraordinary credits for the army, navy,and public 


j| works, in 1887. The total of the first three issues was 
thus 1,394 millions, of which 858 millions have been paid 


| off, and 536 millions are remaining due. 


The creations of 
Sexennial bonds implied credits on each annual Budget for 
the amount falling due in the year. The engagements 


|| Were at first punctually kept, but as the financial diffi- 


culties increased, the amortisation was diminished by the 
renewal of a part of the bonds, and has ended by dis- 
ar peation almost altogether. The Budget of 1887 was 
only balanced by reducing the redemption from 100 
to 15 millions, leaving the difference to be met by any 
surplus there might be found at the end of the year, or by 
fresh bonds, to fall due in 1893. Besides the above- 
mentioned sums, 63 millions of Sexennial bonds were created 
for railway guarantees in 1886, and 104 millions will have 
to be provided for the same purpose this year, making 
already a special debt of 702 millions, which does not 


|| 2ppear in the accounts of either the permanent debt, or 


the floating} debt. The bonds are negotiated direct by 
the Department of Finance with the great banks, and 
rarely reach the public; the Minister has entire latitude 
to fix the price, which may give rise to abuses. The 
arrangements are made secretly, and only become public 


long after they have been effected, when they do become | and paid a dividend of 105f. or 21 per cent. 

















559 
The Minister had already 


negotiation of 116 millions. 
obtained from the Crédit Foncier 63 millions at 
par on the 9th of February for the Budget of 1886, 
and in March contracted for a further igsue of 150 
millions for the Budget of 1887, of which 53 millions were 
paid at once, and for the remainder a credit was opened'to 
the Treasury, against which it could draw as required. 


of Sexennial bonds that were not to be put in circulation 
until the Budget Committee had decided on some scheme 
the Minister of Finance intended to propose for the recon- 
stitution of capital by compound interest, as noticed in my 
letter in the Economist of March 26th. The outcome of 
this borrowing on or by Sexennial bonds will be the 
necessity for a big loan to fund the accumulation of 
Treasury liabilities. 

The complete returns of the French railways in 1886 


supplement the weekly traffic results of the great com- 
panies. The total length of railways in operation on the 
31st December last was 31,217 kilometres (19,510 miles), 
an increase of 749 kilometres in the year, the whole of 
which was in the lines of the six great companies and the 
State system. No addition was made in the year to the 
miscellaneous independent lines. The Northern Company 
added only 15 kilometres to its network, and the Lyons 
45 kilometres. The greatest additions were made by the 
State system—143 kilometres—making a total of 2,502 
kilometres ; the Eastern, 153; and the Orleans, 272 kilo- 
metres. The total receipts, amounting to 1,007,137,227f, 
were 20,999,294 less than in 1885, which year had a deficit 
of 38,000,000£ on 1884, and 78,000,000f on 1883. The loss 
was borne principally by the Southern, 6,159,000f ; Lyons, 
7,997,000f ; and Orleans, 9,989,000f. The State system, 
on the other hand, gained 3,259,108f. The receipts per 
kilometre (five-eighths of a mile) ranged from 28,137f on 
the Orleans, to 45,606f on the Northern. All the lines 
left a deficit, which varied from 1:94 per cent. on the 
Northern, to 9°29 per cent. on the Orleans. The State 
system produced 12,232f, or 5-20 per cent., more than in 
1885. e increase in the receipts of the State network 
was chiefly obtained to the prejudice of the Orleans, with 
which it competes, not only in the region through which 
the latter runs, but also by the opening of communications 
between Bordeaux and Paris by the State lines. As the 
State lines were purchased or constructed with public 
money, and pay no dividend on capital, they are able to 
reduce their rates lower than those of the Western and 
Orleans system, between which it runs. The railway duty 
on passengers and parcels produced 86,921,000f in 1886, 
and 85,905,000f in 1885. 

The report read at the annual meeting of the Southern 
Railway Company showed that the working expenses were 
reduced over five millions of francs in the year, so that the 
real deficit was only a little over one million. The loss of 
six millions of earnings in the year was almost entirely in 
the goods traffic, caused by the stagnation in trade. The 
minimum profits applied to dividend on the share capital 
under the convention withtheStateamounted to 12,500,000, 
permitting a distribution of 50f, or 10 per cent. The deficit 
on the loan charges was 15,568,000f, which had to be 
advanced by the State under the guarantee of interest. 
This was 2,000,000f more than was required for 1885. 


the construction of a number of unprofitable lines, it had 
reduced its borrowing to zero, and had even commenced 
the reimbursement of its debt. 

Two miscellaneous French companies exhibit a pros- 
perous situation. The Petit Journal,a halfpenny news- 
paper, which claims to have a circulation of nearly a 
million, made profits amounting to 5,522,554£ (221,000/) 
last year, and distributes a dividend of 95f, or 19 per cent. 
The Bouillons Duval Restaurant Company, with receipts 


amounting to 10,520,615f, made net profits of 1,514,213f, 
The outlay 


}| public at all, or by accident. The incident of an unsuc- | for provisions was 6,486,927f, and for wages, gas, firing, 
| cessful attempt to place 116 millions of bonds in London, | taxes, rent, &c., 2,159,474E. 


to which I referred last week, has produced a letter 
from the Minister of Finance in his defence, from 
which it appears that the creation of 150 millions of 
bonds was quite distinct from that of the attempted 





snseslehssiareatehneticaitieeniniesaiie es iil acu eninge inns 
Senter eeeeeeeseesesteesreesuseuesnsseeeennaneannsasensanensnnnnnnnnennnenennnnnnnnnenanannmmmmanamnnmeaananaa ED 


An idea may be formed of the growth of the public 
wealth in France by the sum on which succession dut 
was paid at different periods. In 1840 it was 1, 
millions of francs; in 1847 it reached 2,055 millions; 





The 116 millions of frances M. Boland, of the Assurance /f 
Financitre. failed to obtain were to be lent on the pledge — 


are now issued by the Department of Public Works, and! 


Before the last conventions, which imposed on the company - 


























































<n ly le th jb ri ATI eo 
Se aiecaie atenee eS — 


Siiassicaeh tecine oat anacta az acaisneks retort cece ee 
eter emrsinciiaedaemtincrtnasing 


RY A *. ~— 
rece heen geome ame ame a nN om 


a a Ek eae ai me ece 2 ee 

















- 560 THE ECONOMIST. 





then fell to 1,831 millions in 1851; it was 2,723 millions 
in 1860; 3,636 in 1869; 4,253 in 1875; 5,265 in 1880; 
and 5,406 millions in 1885. Since 1870 the increase is in 
some measure due to the elevation of the duty, and in 
articular to the increase in the valuation of real property 
Yom twenty to twenty-five times the annual income. 
Another cause is the decrease in the value of money, by 
which the prices of public securities have risen, while the 
révenue from them has remained stationary. There was 
atcheck in the growth of wealth in the five years ending 
1 com with the preceding period, the increase 
having fallen from 1,012 millions to 141 millions only. 





1 


: THE UNITED STATES. 
, (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) 
os New York, April 19. 


‘The observed results of the first two weeks’ opera- 
tion of the new railway tariffs under the Inter-State 


Commerce Law, are encouraging. Let me add that this 


conclusion is not likely to be in harmony with the 
language of those who talk loudest at thistime. Allfradical 
changes from an established order of things produce 
outcry, complaint, and, naturally enough, some new 
inequalities which call for adjustment. This much has 
been observed already. 


‘Promptly, on 7m 4th, all the railway companies had 
hung up new schedules of rates in all their stations, 
printed in large pica type. For more than a fortnight 
prior to that date, merchandise and produce had been 
rushed forward with exceptional activity, in order to 
secure the advantage of the almost universal cutting of 
freight rates which was granted to shippers just 
rior to the putting of the new law into operation. 
ince that time there has been, of course, a 
moderate decline in the volume of traffic, which 
cannot be properly ascribed to higher freight charges. 
For that matter, leading points of distribution in the 
lower Ohio, Missouri, and Mississippi river valleys report 
moderate gains in the volume of business transacted. At 
the .East, in the South, and on the Pacific Coast, and 

rticularly at Chicago, there is noted some disturbance 
(o general trade and a sensible decline in rail shipments, 
due in part, no doubt, tojthejvery general advances in the 
cost of moving products. East of the Missouri River, the 
average actual increase in rates now charged—which are 
firmly adhered to—from rates formerly paid (in most 
instances less than the nominal rates), ranges from 20 to 
40 per cent. There are many cases where the advance is 
not as high as 10 per cent., and others where it exceeds 
40 per cent. Trans-continental rail rates, as construed 
under the long-and-short haul clause, have become pro- 
hibitive, and the outcry from Californian wool growers, 
wine makers, sugar refiners, and others is very penetra- 
-“. As an example charges on wool from San Francisco 
to Boston and New York have been advanced from about 
67 cents to $5.70, and though since reduced to $3.70 per 
100lbs, California and territory wools are, and will be, shut 
out of the East (so far as rail carriage is concerned) 
until a_radical reduction in the cost of transportation is 
effected. California wines have heen advanced from 10 


to 36 cents, and raisins cannot come east overland for 
like reasons. 


One of the more striking disturbances of the week is 
noted in the inability of the railway companies, 
thus far, to make through rates with connecting lines, 
to smaller distributing centres, which shall be 
mutually satisfactory to the transporting companies 
concerned. For this reason, consignments to many 
such ‘cities have been practically suspended for several 
days. It has been the practice of all railway companies 
to foster the establishment of manufacturing centres 
along their lines, by making special rates from such towns 
to consuming centres, thus securing the exclusive trans- 
portation of the products of such industries. One of the 
first effects of the new rates was to threaten the extinc- 
tion of several important industries, which have thriven 
through the encouragement of the only rail line reaching 


them. Syracuse,on the New York Central and War- 


respectable journals to accrs> them of endeavouring to 


enforcement of it. Bethis as it may, the railway com- 
panies can hardly be accused of dereliction of duty in 
obeying the law. 


have claimed that it was perfect, or that important modi- 
fications might not have to be made in it after a short 
trial of its provisions. There undoubtedly will be some 
changes made in it, and probably at no distant day. But 
that the law in its essential feature—no discrimination 
between shippers, no rebates, and fair and equitable 
rates, in view of surrounding conditions—that the law, so 
far as these points are concerned, has come to stay, I 
think few care to seriously dispute. As may be inferred, 
the Inter-State Commission are being deluged with com- 
plaints and requests. 


night. The Bank reserves have increased moderately, and 
some large loans in the New York market have been paid, 
thus reducing the total under that item of the Bank state- 
ment. Exchange rates on New York at some Western 
cities have advanced to par, and at others are ata premium 
almost sufficient to warrant the shipment of currency to 
New York. In short, the tide is at the extreme ebb. 
Any further advances will turn the current this way. The 
inference is no more than fair that, with our Bank reserves 
as low as they are, and with the return of funds from the 
interior delayed as they are, the condition of general 
trade and industry must be fairly prosperous. 


and steel industries continue well employed, though 





saw, on the New York, Lake Erie, and Western 
road, are prominent salt producers. Under the new order 
of things, rates for Warsaw shippers promised to 
throw them out of business, Syracuse teing not 
only more favourably situated as to rates, but 
having an outlet via the Erie Canal. A like situa. 
tion existed at some of the Michigan salt cities. In 
Pennsylvania and Ohio, several blast furnaces, nail and 
iron mills shut down a week ago, throwing out five or six 
hundred employés, declaring that they were unable to send 
their wares to market at a profit, considering the added 
cost of transportation. Some of these were located at 
small towns, and the long-and-short haul clause naturally 
furnished them with higher rates than like industries at 
larger centres or situated nearer to markets. 

Leading traffic officials are overrun with clamorous 
shippers demanding reduced or more equitable rates. 
The former smile grimly, and quote Section IV. of the 
Inter-State law. Within a few days, however, noting the 
signs of a revival of inland water transportation (vid the 

es, rivers, and canals), and fearing a serious loss of 
business, the more important trunk lines have begun to 
prepare special rates to cover special classes of freight to 
and from points of production and consignment, with a 
view to holding their trade, The free and literal manner 
in which some of the railways have interpreted the Inter- 
State law in preparing tariffs has induced some very 


create a public sentiment against the law by a too rigid 


I do not recall that any of the friends of the new law 


The financial situation \has improved during the fort- 


This view is corroborated in several ways. The iron 


largely on old contracts. The leading makers and their 
agents continue to expect a revival in demand by summer, 
and point with gratification to the (alleged) fact that avy 
material increase in the demand for pig iron at this time 
would put the price up $2 perton. Importations of old 
material, rails, and pig have fallen off, it is true, in part 
owing to higher ocean freights. But the statement 1s 
made that heavy requirements are yet to be placed for 
1887 delivery, and that some of them will have to go 
abroad. There are no new features in the cotton goods 
or woollen goods industries. The first is fairly prosperous, 
but the second is hardly so well situated. Makers of 
boots and shoes report increasing orders, and the growing 
activity in real estate induces arevival of building at 
many cities, which, in turn, furnishes employment to an 
army of building trade operatives. 

The price of wheat has been advancing, principally 
owing to clique manipulation at Chicago, but stimulated 
by ae of damage to the winter-sown crop from 
drought, &c, and by repeated calculations, pointing to 
reduced available supplies for export prior to July Ist, 1n 
the face of like reports from India and Russia, and pro- 
bable large requirements from the United Kingdom and 


i eenennscrsneeenessomesnsenr sere tesvherreetetersnc tes SSeS ee 


[April 30, 1887. | 














April 30, 1887.] 


France. Cotton is advancing from natural causes, and 
coffee is higher for similar reasons and speculative buying. 
Considerable satisfaction has been drawn from the recent 
investigation, showing that over 400,000 more industrial 
employés are at work in the country East of the Missouri 
and North of the Ohio rivers than in January, 1885, and 
that wages paid this class of operatives are 10 to 15 per 
cent. higher now than then, with generally full time 
reported at present, as compared with a less satisfactory 
situation in that respect two years ago. 





Sectsmesinnenmee tl 














—_—— 


GERMANY AND AUSTRIA. 


(FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) 
Vienna, April 25. 


The situation of Europe is so precarious, that the 
slightest incident, which in other times would have no 
significance at all, suffices to overthrow its equilibrium, 
and such an accident as that on the French frontier causes 
the loss of millions before there is time to explain the 
affair away. The alarm created here and in Berlin when 
first the news spread was almost as great as the panic 
which took place in Paris, but the excitement calmed 
down the very next day, when the fact had been observed 
that both the German and French Governments are trying 
to arrange the matter peaceably. There are those who 
believe that France would have treated the matter very 
differently had she been better prepared for war. Public 
opinion here holds that the really important consequences 
of the affair will bea tenfold increased distrust between 
the two Powers, whose relations are already close on the 
border of open emnity, and when incidents of the kind 
have repeatedly happened, a conflict will, in the end, become 
inevitable, 

Another painful event of the week was the Hungarian 
Premier Tisza’s announcement that he would require a 
credit of thirty-two millions. The Bill in which these 
funds are demanded shows that the Hungarian Minister 
used eight million florins entrusted to his coffers, as the 
result of the Theiss river loans, with which the Minister 
had absolutely no right to meddle. The affair is all the 
more grave, because the Hungarian Cabinet a year ago, 
disgusted with the bad condition of its finances, pretended 

| to make a clean breast of it, and confessed that the 

} Budget and the actual accounts differed widely, and that 

} there was such and such a deficit to provide for. Not a word 

i was then said to indicate that, besides the sums then in 
question, eight millions of trust money had been expended, 
and had to be added to the heavy debts of a deeply involved 
country. Notwithstanding these alarming circumstances, 
the Hungarian Rent, has been sold well, and there is no 
lack of subscribers, this being in a great part due to the 
arrangements for the renewal of the State Treaty between 
Austria and Hungary. 

In Germany, where the bourses had steadily improved 
since the last days of March, when, to the eye of the 
initiated at least, the chances of maintaining peace began 
to dawn, in the course of last week a considerable fall has 
been observed, for which, indeed, there was cause enough. 
First, the Norddeutsche Allgemeine spoke of the rela- 
tions between Germany and Russia as being indifferent, 
whereas Prince Bismarck, some time ago, characterised 
the same relations as “ towerlike friendship.” Then fol- 
lowed the fact that M. de Giers was, after all, not 
decorated ; then the large additional credit for military 
purposes’; and last, but not least, the embarrassing incident 
at the frontier. Each of these incidents would of itself 
have sufficed to impress the bourse, and it is no wonder 
that, coming all together, they produced a very bad effect. 
As to the Schnaebele affair, Germany never for an instant 
believed that a war would break out on such a clumsy 
pretext, or that its Government would act contrary to the 
laws of international right. Much surprise, and some 


credit, amounting to almost 320 million marks. It is 
true the Budget for this year will provide for about 177 
millions only, and the rest will be placed in next year’s 
Budget, but it is believed that much of the total sum 


will beexpended beforehand. The army increase, as pro- | Communications must be authenticated by the name of the 


THE ECONOMIST. 561 



















The Editor of the Economist cannot undertake to return rejected 








vided by the new Army Bill—that is 41,000 men—will not 
cost over 70 million marks, but 130 millions are to be 
expended upon reinforcing and improving the fortresses, 
and 52 millions will be devoted to render the army better 
prepared to fight, as the report laconically states. Finally, 
68 millions are to be used for strategical railway lines. 

Of the 177 millions which appear in this year’s 
Budget, 155} millions are to be provided by means of a 
3; percent. loan. It is, however, argued that a 4 per cent. 
loan would be better. It is a most noteworthy fact that, 
notwithstanding the abundance of money, the announce- 
ment that the volume of the German 3} per cent. 
stock would be increased by a new loan, caused the 
Prussian 3} per cent. CUonsols to fall to 98} at 
once. They had previously reached the price of 105 
Those who recommend the emission of a 4 per cent. 
loan think it would find buyers more easily at the price of 
104 than a 3} per cent. issued at 974. A 4 per cent. 
loan issued at 104 bears 3°59 per cent., whilst a 3} 
per cent. loan sold at 974 bears 3°81 per cent. The price 
at which the 4 and 3} per cent. loans have stood in the 
past are :— 


Imperial Loans. Prussian Consols. 
4 per 34 per 4 per 34 per 
Cent. Cent. Cent. Cent. - 
Ist October, 1886 ... 10660 ... 103°75 ... 105-80 ... 10380 
3rd February, 1887... 102 coe «6SETS Cw, AOE an 
20th April, 1887...... 105°90 ... 99 -- 105 as 


The total sum of 3} per cent. loan stock is so great, thas 
any increase would naturally influence its price, and make 
the percentage of it lower than that of the 4 per cent. 
loans. A 4 per cent. loan would probably make German 
capital abandon foreign investments, and stimulate invest- 
ments in German Imperial loans. 

In Germany, the Conservatives are trying to induce 
the Federal Council to propose an increase of the 
duty on imported combed wool from 2 to 20 
marks per double cwt. The arguments used for | 
this innovation are, that at present about five million kilo- 
grammes of combed wool, worth from 20 to 25 million 
marks, arefimported into Germany every[year, chiefly from 
France. French combed wool is protected by a duty of 
25 francs, and the trade has developed so well, that it is 
triumphant in the German market. Now this purely 
agrarian duty would be of use toa very few only, and § 
would damage thousands in the most cruel manner. The 
German wool industry is absolutely dependent upon 
foreign wool, and the Prussian agrarians, while thinking 
of the competition of French wool only, would at the 
same time prevent trans-oceanic wool from entering 
Germany. 

The number of Germans who have emigrated from 
Germany during 1886 was less than during the preceding 
year, but Austrians, Hungarians, and Russians 
emigrated from Germany in larger number than before, 
so that the total emigrations were higher in 1886 than 
in 1885. In all, 166,416 persons left from German ports, 
but only 66,647 of them were Germans; in 1885, the 
total was 155,147, of whom 88,900 were Germans; in 
1884 there were 195,497 in all, of whom 126,511 were 
Germans ; in 1883, 201,308 in all, of whom 143,937 were 
Germans. 

Russia's gold production during the last five years 
was :— ; 


ep 


Weight. 1836. 1885. 1884. 1833. 1882, 
In puds (40 Ibs)... 1,885... 2,261 ... 2,350 ... 1,796... 1,239 : 
Value. 


In 1,000 roubles... 25,73€ ... 30,869 ... 32,084 ... 24,523 ... 16,919 


The Rhenisb Westphalian gunpowder manufacturers 
have made a contract with the Government of Japan, f 
according to which they will build a gunpowder manu- 
factory in Japan. Until this manufactory is in full 
working order, the Rhenish works will furnish the | 
Japanese Government with gunpowder. 


cae a 
alarm, was created by the high figure of the additional | ° 


TO READERS AND CORKESPONDENTS. 


communications } 
writer }) 











OO 


eee 





seiibeitting aietadilianaaes een eee ee ee ame te eee Semen eee Kiiatict obpiag 



















cert tito tales drseteinrnthe aati tnedi ir Nihil ir iiss 






























Seat ibe 


eee . 


pentane 


a a at 










= | 
Ly 
2 5 
bs 
i 





pia he = GR 


Fer) : , seibeablined Re 
: eee ma Pes ea bn 








=e 











562 THE ECONOMIST. 








[April 30, 1887. 





The Bankers’ Giasette. 
_ BANK RETURNS AND MONEY MARKET, 
BANK OF ENGLAND. 


Ax Account pursuant to the Act 7th and 8th Victoria, cap. 32 for 
the Week ending on Wednesday, April 27, 1887. 








The amount of the “other deposits,” compared with the “ other 
securities,” showed in 1877 an excess of 1,997,754/; in 1884, an 
excess of 2,773,410/; im 1885, an excess of 5,696,740/; and 
in 1886, an excess of 1,758,455/. In 1887 there is an excess of 
6,336,8302, 

In 1884, the money market was extremely easy, prime Bank paper 
being placed as low as 1} per cent., and there were no indications 
of any speedy change. 

In 1885, gold was flowing here from abroad. The position of the 


——— 








Bank was a strong one, and the demand for voy was slight ; but 
a reduction in the Bank rate was prevented by the political 
a £ uncertainty. 

Notes issued,......00008 38,754,710 Government debt ... 11,015,100 In 1886, the discount market was exceptionally strong, and as 
; | Other securities ...... 4,734,900 | much as 2} per cent. was paid on fine three months’ bank bills, 
Gold coin & bullion.,. 23,004,710 | although the Bank rate stood at only 2 per cent. Contrary to general 
| Silver bullion ......... vee expectation, the directors made no advance at their usual weekly 
—————— | meeting. 


ISSUE DEPARTMENT. 





754,71 : 

ee oe" The following figures from the official returns show the amount 

BANKING DEPARTMENT. of bills and cheques cleared at the Bankers’ Clearing-housesince the 

‘ £ { £ beginning of the year. Special days are given separately, together 
Proprietors’ capital... 14,553,000 Government securi- with the total increase or decrease to date in each case, . 


Ome COTS OR EOE OS EES OER 3,117,740) MDB. cinciticisnicincin 14,434,661 
Public deposits*......_ 6,093,735 Other securities ...... 18,541,563 
Other deposits......... 24,878,393 Notes..........0sccseee 14,395,400 
Gold and silver coin 1,475,842 
F bills eet Oat 6 et 6 et Oa eae 204,598 


(000’s omitted.) 


** Fourths a the 









Consol Pay Days. 



















Date. & ; 

48,847,466 48,847,466 | 056.697, Oct. 28) yilay ° 18,771, sana, 

. F we| 111,626, [Nov. 12) 7, June 1 18,891, | 16,443, 
Including Exchequer oe Comeepinaee of National Debt, and —— | canaere Nov. ps | 93158 19,165, 
Dated April 28, 1887. F. MAY, Chief Cashier. | star. 2 7"""| 1501325 20,413, ‘pt. 15,406, 
eoove.| 102,556, 22,710, 22,710, 

THE OLD FORM. 16 | {38016 18,894, 18,804, 

The above Bank accounts would if made out in the old form pre- ae | — , 26,527, 
sent the following results :— April 6 <.") 128'302, 20,556, | ww, 
, LiaRtLrrres. Asserts. £ een 7,298, pf OE, aagt®, 
‘Cipoulation (includirg Bank | Sectrtthes eenerecrenseensan $4,173,224 | 20 weve) 110,67 27 146, { 1.08, 
p Post bills sie dar ceili 24,569,008 ‘Goin and bullion................. 24,430,552 | 27 wns.) £9,056 942, 5 select 
Private deposits scons 24878908, | Total, 1887. 2084,979, wat, ene, 
—— | icapaiennsiingis | aoe ieSe| 5 2882512, 91,441, 71,270, 

—- 53,053,776 | tnc.orDec. ) |+ 202,467, + 5,976, +17,986, 
The balance of Assets above Liabilities being 8,117,7<0/, as etated in the above | in 1887.. fi = 20°7 Z% = 66 % = 252% 
account under the head Rasr. Gross total; - al oes —— 

; , FRIDAY Miomy, | 's,1006 | Soma moe, 221/873, 

The preceding accounts, compared with those of last week | Inc. or Dec. + 390,854 | 14,170 — 6,364, 
exhibit :— in 1886 .... = 71 % ' = 67% = 28% 





ee 





Increase. Decrease. | , Pee — ee 
Uireulation (excluding Bank post bills)..........0..0+00. ° pe i nese | The following isthe Manchester Bankers’ Clearing :— 


‘Public deposits jus ehsineeteiien wus at tevannene 212,791 —— — ¥ ears,————_——~, 
° ° oo 91177 eee bee eee ees oes 1886. 1885. 
mnt aie & & 

sig RN acl a RON TENET NOS 


_—_ 


Increase in 1886............ £6,887,100 = 60 per cent. 





seeneee eoeens ens eessesseeesseeeee canoes CS eee ses 
“Rast PEt Fe RE CRT ON s OEE HOE OOF ORE HOE FOS Oe COR EEE eee wereee OF Se eeeeee 150 o00 088 804 Fee ° 








The following shows the amount of the Circulation, Bull on in wre . 
‘both departments, Banking Deposits, Banking Securities, Reserve, Fifteen weeks ended April 16 .........0..0.. 6+ 86,761,133 cecescses 83,614,405 
and Rate of Discount, for three months ending April 27, 1887 :— Week ended April 23 ......cccsescesssssreersseeeees ~ 2,004,120 wereevvee 1,656,308 

eS er oT cee Ee ee oe gg, £8,855,853 —...sersee 35,200 803 

in from Ciroulatt’n 3 Increase in 1887 .,............ £3,586,050 = 10°1 % 








the an ntinental and the New York Associated banks are 
compared below with the previous statement and with the corre- 


3 

3 

3 The principal items in the latest weekly accounts published by 
% | sponding statement of last year :— 


< fo a Ce oe ap 

Feb. 2 21,425,978, 360,000 in 23,943,625 27,524,300 32,458,497 13,935,853 47 

9 21,814,396 87,000 in 23,595,380 27,740,547, 31,887,728 13,969,016 £0 ae 

14 22,563,711) 412,000 in 23,397,170! 28,911,723 32,155,055 14,016,541 51} — 

23. 23,076,823 152,000 in 23,245,765, 30,902,830 34.674,004 15,581,053, 505 — 

Mar. 2 23,281,217 123,000 in 23,731,095) 83,035,850 26,204,065 15,200,122 46 — 
© 9. 23,618,075 248,000 in on 32,450,954, 35,007,134 15,930,925 48}} 34 


BANK OF FRANOR. 





| Comparative Increase 











16, 24,057,851 159,000 in 33,570,909 35,572,145 16,470,951! 483 — | April2s,} April 21, April 29, | or Decrease. 

23 24,695,293' 489,000 in 23,389,470, 34,275,638, 35,693,696 17,055,828 494 3 |} 2807. | 187. | 186. —————— 

80 24,770,532) 41,000 in 23,800,€25' 34,270.894, 36,036,779 16,719,907, 485 — |Last Week Last Year. 
April 6, 24,237,479) 309,000 in 24,762,870, 33,260,223 35,889,902 15,224,609 434 — ——_— _ | 

13 24,135,585) 106,000 in 24,498,945 30,551,557| 32,987,000 15,386,640 50 2} AssETs Bor hoe a e | & 


: kas 
20 24,356,702) 23,000 in 24,414,645 31,093,742 33,281,252 15,€72,057| 50} — | Colm and bullion—Gold ...| 47,589,000 47,528,000 52,137,000)+ _61,900'— 4,548,000 
27 24,480,552 —5,000_in 24,359,310 30,972,128 82,076,224 1BSTT248 B09 2 Silver... 48,303,000 46,088,000 44/825,000|+- 216,000'+ 1,479,000 


ae lee ; Government securities ..., 14,376,000) 14,375,004 14,104,000, ... | |+ _ 271,000 
_ Subjoined is our usual table, affording a com tive view of the | Private securities............. 36,074,000, 33,999,000) 37,552,006 + £076,000 — 1,475,000 
Bank Returns, the Bank Rate of Discount, the Price of Consols, the sees | 


158, a . 
. . . * j ' 000)— 950,000 
‘Price of Wheat, and the Leading Exchanges during a period of four coeaet meetin wasmane + 55,0004 1,601,000 


: 2 deposits ..... | 8,939,000) 8,284,00) 7,338, ’ 
& corresponding with the present date, as well as ten years | Private deposits ............ 18,¢¢2,000) 14,186,00C! 19,056,000! + 1,476,000}-— 3,394,009 
ack, viz.:— ————__——_— 


; | } 
Ateorresponding dates) May 2, | April 30, | 123, | April 23, | April (sree ne 
swith the pre ee “Tees. S80. él tesz. 











IMPERIAL BANK OF GERMANY. 


~~ \ April 23, ) April 15, April 23, 
| wliss7.’ | 1887. | 1886. |Last Week. Last Year. 





sent week. 1877. | & 
Wirculation (excluding 2 | 2 | 4: +e Asses. Lae ote £ 

Be Pa Derr 29,077,955 | 25,760,235 24,504,250 24,694,815 2 Coin and bullion ............ | $8,575,000 37,£84,000 34,276,006)4+ 741,000 + 4,299,000 

Public deposits......... | 6,315,550 | 7'179-311 16 | 7% en Quethos Discounts and advances... 22,645,000 





——— 








. 37 2,743,000 
8,896,515 7,403,371' 6,093,735 23,182,000, 19,902,000, ~ 537,000 + 2,743, 

Other deposits ............, 22,480,089 | 24,253,573 24,451,016 | 22,412,153 cae LIABILITIES. ae a 731,000 

Government securities 15,340,207 17,456,202 14,402,165 14,583,498 14,484.661 | Notes in circulation......... | 41,870,000} 42,255, 88,139,006) — 885,000!+ 3,7 +000 
Other securities ...... 432,345 21,481,938 20,754,276 . 20,68 13,641,563 | Currentaccounts........ ...) 18,273,000! 17,76 13,348,00C}+  609,000)+ 4,920, 

PORES er rene en Oe cea 





ve, 20,492,34 3,698 
Roserve of notes & coin’ 10,926,636 12,325,617 18,233,997 , 12,457,647 15.871 242 
Qloim and bullion svn | 26004621 25,825,902 26,878,247 S14O2462 24480;582 





1 AUSTRO-HUNGARIAN BANK. 


i 





reserv } it 
to liabilities ...........| 373 % 48 | 603% 41 50 en 
Bank rate of discount... 8 ¥ le 2 | 3 2 ' 24" png — a |Last Week | Last Year. 
‘Price of ae isidivina’ at nt | sae ta wit | 306 Assets. £ £ Rods... a é. = 
verage price of wheat 8 ld | 328 Coin and bullion—gold ... {38),000)+ 20,000 Ie, 
Exchnge on Paris (sht) 2510 15 25 15 20 2% S3§ 39325 12} 17)! 25 93) 283 Sn Sree] ataetenol Lapedeer| Laperoonss.  yowenle _ 753000 
+ En ceo Ars - id » so! at 18 a a pa oak 2 12 1 12 2 | Discount and advances ...| 17,070,000, 17,010,001 | 15,883,000! + — 60,000)+ 1,187,000 
“ i 53 LIABILITIES. 
Cicaring house return... 110,461,000 122,768,000 105,250,000 65,784,000 $9,956,000 | Circulation ........ sesterssecees} 87,210,000) 87,184,009} 34,924,00'4- 26,000 + 2,286,000 








- 


annette went remenen E 











April 30, 1887. } THE ECONOMIST. 563 
—. $e ssseSesessesssSsSSSSSSSSSssshheseseseE 


NETHERLANDS BANK. | the open market, although it scarcely pays to make withdrawals 
", April 23, | April 16. April 2a. ~~; | from the Bank. The French rates have also dropped to par. 
hae. i | aul | _ fo oe om a The return of the Bank of England shows an addition of 
Coin and bullion—Gold ,. | 4,825,060 4,817,000 6,042,000 + oe eee 199,000! to the reserve, the total now being 15,871,000, or 51 


—_ Silver...| 3,270,000) 8,237,006} 8,152,000|+ _33,000/+ 118, Sean 
Discount and advances ... 208,006) 6,171,006) 5,828,000 + 121,000|+ 464,000 | per cent. of the liabilities. The want of activity in the money 


eee market is indicated by a decrease of 305,000! in the private 


Notes in circulation...,...../ 16,524,006) 16,528,00C | 16,806,000 + 1,000} 372,000 
Dev0site 1... ..-.-rsserererse:| 1,386,000) 1,220,000) 1,591.000'+  166,000\— 205,000 | securities. The private deposits are somewhat larger, but there 
| is a decrease of 213,000/ in the Government deposits, 


NATIONAL BANK OF BELGIUM. 
Apatite  — | Tenders for Treasury bills to the amount of 1,460,000/ will 
— — _ 1886. Last Week.'Last Year. | 
| 


Coin oe esseseeeee| 3,989,000 4,678,000 a.ciznee ae § ase! + stra | one o'clock. The bills will be dated the 6th May next, and 


Dierounte, BO eerie 12,741,000) 12,263,000, 11,866,000, + 478,000}+ £75,000 will be payable at three or six months after date, at the option 
sidbbaidabiceaie | 3,000 | of the persons tendering. This amount is less by 1,500,0002 
7 





| 


on. .sws| 24,927,000 14,837,000! 14,467,000 + 90,000 + 45 
9 a %© + © o« i < . . 
2,862000' 2,583,000! 2,285,000 + 279.000'+ 627,000 | than the amount of bills maturing. 


BANK OF SPAIN, | The India Council has sold the following drafts during the 


‘April 23.) April 16, | April.) £ 8 
18-7. 1876. 1888. Last te ee Saturday 30,000 in transfers on Bombay at 


d 

5 1-16 per rupee. 

ASSETS. £ £ & Monday 70,000 in transfers on Bombay at 5 Lone 
5 

5 


1-16 per rupee, 
3-32 per rupee. 


Coin and bullion ............| 11,967,000! 12,036,000) 6,537,000) — 69,000 + 5,4°0,000 50,300 in transfers on Bombay at 
4 per rupze. 


Securities sceencesayns ent 34,226,000) 34,246,000) 33,312,0.0 — 20,000 + 914,000 | tuesday.......... 80,000 in transfers on Bombay at 
Circulation.........60. sse.] 28,682,000| 23,663,00C| 19,614,000 + — 14,000/+- 4,068,000 Wethetig isnt: See eee oer at 1 
PORES ».0-- ~-| 14,282,000} 14,279,000) 12,007,000+ 3,000! + 2,275,.00 a 1,000 in bills on Madrasat..............J fall. 
290,030 in transfers on Calcutta at......{ 1 5 3-32 per rupee, 
60 600 in transfers on Bombay at ..,... { 80 per cent, 


. elicit tl a eh Friday........ 2,00 in Lills on Madras at ............... 1 5 1-16 per rupea, 
| April 23, , April 16, , April 24. , 
1887. 1887, | 


5rs per rupee in 


NEW YORK ASSOCIATED BANKS. 


ain 1886. |Last Week.| Last Year. From April 1 to Wednesday night remittances for 
£ ee 9 ‘ alia; m . 

BPCClO nesserscesessessessererees.| 15 540,006) 15 .540,000 14,910,000 - I+ 600 000 2,11,93,000 rs had been sold, realising 1,502,908. 

Loans and discounts.........| 72,540,000, 73 720,000 70,039,000 —- 1,180,000 + 2,510,000 MEETINGS 


Legal tenders ..................| 4,330,000) 4,189,000 6,480,000'+- 180,000 — 2,120,000 
LIABILITIES, } : . i i 
Olroulation ..............s+-+-| 1,680,000 1,689,000, 1,530,000, ... |+ 100.009 | ‘The following meetings are to be held during the ensuing week :— 
Net deposits ..........-.e0+| 74,240,000, 75,300,000, 75,040,000 —.1,060,000'-— 800,000 | ____— Se — 
ResERVE (Specie & Notes). | 

FOBEFVE o....cc.eess0+.0,| 18,562,006) 18,825,000 18 760,000 — 265,000. 200,000 Company. Class. Date. Place and Time. 
Excessof actualreserve ...| 1,340,000 495000 2660.000'+ 445,000-- 1,320 0n0 eee 


ceeeneeeomnne 

Atchison, Topeka, and wee” : om . 
Converting the reichs mark at 1s ;the Austrian florin at 2s; the Dutch florin FE Railway .....ccesereeeeee General ...........'May _5/Topeka 

- ae 8d ; and the franc and pescta at 25 per 11, American currency is reduced mesa gree Leagrapentae er eee nae 7-198 ee at 1 

eae asta: ze tno aks tea Denver and Rio Grande Rail General Be: aDenver, - = al Y 
JAN z | ia) Continental Gas..... |General ............ 3,Cannon Street Hotel, at 24 

Oar. Oe Spee INI psacosotnca oe a in 833 Lombard street, at 1 


The following are the main figures in the returns for February, as compared | Law Fire Insurance ..... "\General pinchonenane $114 Chancery lane, at §& 


with the corresponding figures for 1886, the dollar being converted at 4s :— | Lake Shore and Michigan 
onianjajiitletanniaishaeaabicsubies tude “bn 1 aR pik ge Southern Railway .. ... . ...|General ........... # Cleveland 
Feb. 28, | Feb. 28, |Ine. or Dee- | Lemberg Czernowitz - Jassy 
= 1886. | in 1887. Railway ..... General ... ........ April tl Weetmn at - ed 
om «| Bi. | Necropolis, &c. .....|Special ............\May  4|Westmnstr brdge rd., at 12 
. | 7,495,000! 6,125,000 + 1,370,000 eameneetal Behera sree Saanes ani . 4157 Moorgate street, at 12 . 
Loans and disCounts .....6......seccseceecceseeceeeee eeeeee| 32,234,000) 34,281,000} — 23047,009 | Otago and Southland Invest. |General 45 Adam’s court, at 1 
LIABILITIES, | Panulcillo Copper .. meveseseees./ General thet means 6 Winchester House, at 2, 
© 10s ove cocesncos Cecescoccceces 5,938,003 6,440,000 -— 522,009 Queen Insurancee......... 2 ~"IGeneral ene 5 Live l, at 12 
ceeseseeee] 21,544 00) 22,283.000— 739,000 Kochdale Canal 'General ............ 5 Manchester 
Scottish Australian Mining...General all ais 
x : i j and Nationa 
BANK OF RUSSIA. este sae « «e/Gerneral ...00.00.-- 4 Edinburgh, at 4 
The return, dated April 13, contains the following totals relating to the | Serle Street and Cook’s Court ke 
head office and its prenchen i : F Improvement General ............ 54 New ct., Lneln’s inn,at i2 
(a — —__ | United Mexican Mining 4 Winchester House, at 1 
April 13. \March 15. (Ine. or Lec. Vickers, Son, and Co............ /|Ex-General ...... 4 Sheffield, at 3 
ASSETS. or me in 1887. | West Coast of America Teleg./General ........0.-. 30 Old Broad street, at 1 
Coin and bullion, gold (at 7 roubles) | 24,335,000} 24,335, wes We-t Middlesex Waterworks\General ............ 319 Marylebone road, at 12 
Do do _ _ gold and silver (at 7 roubles)... | 12,409,000) 12,300,000|-+ 109,000 West Flanders Railway |Preliminaey 10 Moorgate street, at 2 
Treasury debt (at 10 roubles) ........ ...........000.++, 64,496,000) 64,496,000 ~ Litto Bo a I na os May 2 Bruges, at 113 
ee and atrenees (at 10 roubles)...............| 28,515,000} 28,515,000 a hl rere RTE ae eee ee ee Tee 
Ccurities (at 10 roubles) .............cceseeeeeesevess+s| 21,901,000) 22,840,000/— 939,000 | a . = : ; 
LIABILITIES. |104,643,000 104,643,000 zi | We subjoin our usual discount quotations for paper having varicus 
Circulation issue (at 10 roubles) .........s0+ soveeel 
Do BCEIVE oo... cecceececseeceesessseseeeeeees| 91,608,000} 93,472,000/— 1,969,000 
Treasury account (at 10 roubles).........ss....0...---| _74658,000 8,973,600) — 1,315,000 
Deposits (at 10 roubles) .........20. < secccececseneseceenes | 30,799,000! 29,632,001 4 1,167,000 


ASSETS. 


Circulation 


periods to run, and a comparison with previous wee 


Months..4 Months.|6 Monthe 
NATIONAL BANK OF ITALY. s 
Thefollowing are the chief items in the return dated Mar. 20, compared with 3} z 
the preceding return (at 25 lire = £1):— 
ace - | April 10. ; Mar. 81. jInc. or Dee. 
| 902,000 6.00% 000! a 
6, ~y | y 8, — 6,000 
Coin and bullion ‘..|  TH1,000 746,000 -- 35,000 
Bills and advances ...... .cscscccesseecsescessseece esverees| 18,786,000, 19,415,000 -- 629,000 
Public funds and sundry securities ..........0.0:0s«: 4,308,000; 4,299,000, + 4,000 


LiaBILITIES. j 
Ciroulation ..........sccscsessnsssssersescsssseeeesersesenss «| 22,822,000) 24,190,000 —1,368,000 
Current accounts............corscversereesnsesereenerseereer 4,045,000! 4,549,000 — 4,000 


Co a 
> He he te 
we 

L222 ee 


tow OOo me 


— 


April 


tS PS GS Co Go 


ae 
seeonthnneitttiinies 


| 


| 
| BD dO BS LO Os 
We gete se eggs A mm 


5 
1} 
1g 


— 


a 


} 


~+ I es had oe 


gt.—On Thursday the directors sors alee gee a 
Dessoune amp ee . | * These rates range from those current on the very best paper to those paid 
reduced their discount rate from 24 to 2 per cent., @ measure | | «oY which Bank rate is usually required. 


which produced, however, no effect upon the market. All | The rates of interest allowed for deposits at call and notice by the 


through the week the demand for money has been very slack, joint-stock banks and discount houses are now as follows :— 


and rates have scarcely varied at all. On Tuesday the Stock Private and joint stock bauks at notice ........0+0 ¥ me cont 


Exchange settlement commenced, but the amount of business | pi cunt houses at call ........ssesssssesesseesnecsesssssnees 
to be arranged was small, and the banks did not obtain, on an sail seven days’ notice sssibcalplhebibhneisaisiiie ; - aa 
average, more than 2 per cent. for their fortnightly loans. The - fourteen days’ MOLICE ......00++s000008 . 
following figures give the movements in the rates for fine three 
months’ bank bills and day-to-day money during the week :— as under, Bank Open | 

Friday. Th Wedn’y. Tuesday. M Saturday Friday -_ ee rn % 

riday. Thurs’y. Wedn’y. Tuesday. Mon’y. Satu e ow > 
re'y. Wedn'y 3 3 3 Feb.22,’83; 22 | Madrid .... 4 mit 


Tee Te we Ty a Tee a Tye VR a 1 | Pati cee ah Lisbon Apl 86]5 ww 48.49 
4 3... 42 ee Pe on 3 oes oe 32 ; Berlin coceereee 3 Mar. 23, wits paoven Aigh neTe Feb. 22,83} 


38 
Frankfort ... 3 hee * 4 
The foreign exchanges continue weak, but no change of | Hamburg ... 3 .. lf | Genoa Dec. 86)54 4 4} 
importance has occurred. At present both the German and | Hamburg, megs x~ 3} = ch Dee. — 
Dutch rates are low enough to admit of gold being taken from | snow 2pJune 19, penhagen 


Bark Open 


be received at the Bank of England on the 2nd May, 1887, at: 


The discount quotations current in the chief continental cities are. 


Rate. Market 


? 
‘ 


one 


itteato~tlinastieienrunditasnanannanelensenaresnenamenmnnsseananatilimneeeremnenaiinee ee nent? teaser ceesn~-aaser steaming oe 


be bo Wendie 


Bear 


eee 


ees ert eee 


vA ae 


a rn as i ai ahd ere 


ae tect beameeeea a 


cent eae ee 


eae 


Sees Seed ae Oe nee Ee et ne eRe, Sea eS, ere een 


tearm anna tet eg ere gee 5 aie 


EADS EIA DO 














% 
¥ New York (call money) 5 


) Calcutta, Bank min. ... 9 
i Bombay,Bank min, ... 10 


New York exchange 





564 THE ECONOMIST. 


At other centres the latest recorded quotations are :— 


| Discounts. Overdraft 
| Melbourne......7 to 8......8 to 9 
Ditto (endorsed bills) ... 5 to 54 | Sydney .........7t08......8 to 9 

| Adelaide ......7 to8......9 

| Montre’l 5 to6 (callmoney 3to 4) 


The following are the standards for gold points of the four principal 





f gold exchanges :— 
; 
£ French. m German. 3 American. 
p.millefor us | 20.52—5 per mille forus | 4.89 —5 per mille for us. 
Par. 20.43—Par. 4.867—Par. 
p. mille agnst us | 20.83—5 p. mille agnst. 4.827—8 p. mille agnet us. 
, Australian—102 — for us. 


The exchanges were yesterday :— 


French short exchange f 25.25. or ] per mille for us. 
German shortexchange m 20.36, or 3} per mille agst us. 


“Cabletransfers” | 94-864, or 4 per mille against us. 


The directors of the Bank of England have appointed Mr 
George White to be one of their cashiers, with power to sign 
8 bills and notes for the Bank. 

‘Messrs Short, Short, and Co., East India merchants, of 21 
Queen Victoria street and at Birmingham, have suspended 
payment, ‘The accountants, Messrs Josolyne, Miles, and Co., 

i imvite creditors to furnish them with a statement of their claims, 

The solicitors are Messrs Linklater and Co, 

The bills of Messrs Watson, Medill, and Co., corn, &c., 


amerchants, of 29 Mark lane, and at New York, have been 


| returned, and the books are in the hands of Messrs Turquand, 
Youngs, and Co. 


pT 

} ‘The Agent-General for the Cape of Good Hope notifies that 
# he will receive, up till May 3rd, tenders for the purchase, at or 
} above par, of his drafts for sums not exceeding altogether 
H 200,0001, payable at sight by the Treasurer of the colony, Cape 
# Town, The drafts will, at the option of the purchasers, bear 
i date the 12th, 19th, or 26th of May, and will be delivered to 
} them on receipt of the purchase price. The Agent-General does 
j mot bind himself to accept the lowest or any tender, 


i} We are informed that the firm of Horrockses, Miller, and 
i Co., of Manchester, Preston, and London, and Crewdson, 
§ Crosses, and Co., Limited, of Manchester, Bolton, and London, 
# will be amalgamated, under the style of Horrockses, Crewdson, 
j and Co., Limited. We understand that the capital of the new 
company will be subscribed by the partners of Horrockses, 
Miller, and Co., and Crewdson, Crosses, and Co., Limited. 

Tae Srock Marxets.—Owing partly to the settlement, and 
partly to the uneasy feeling caused by the somewhat unsettled 
appearance of foreign politics, business has been rather inactive 

j during the past week, and prices have ruled dull. As regards 
j the settlement, there is but little to say. The volume of 
# business to be arranged was decidedly small, and rates were 
light. The political outlook is now somewhat brighter, since it 
seems certain that the French official who was arrested by the 
4 German authorities will be released very shortly. But at one 
i time this incident gave rise to somewhat alarmist rumours, and 
] prices suffered accordingly. The course of the markets in the 
uear future is difficult to determine. Naturally, their tendency 
seems to be upward; but operators are rather less sanguine than 
they were, the improvement in trade being slow. 


We are informed that Mr William Bell was declared a 
defaulter upon the Stock Exchange on Thursday. 


British Government Securities, &c.—Consols have been 
meee owing to the cheapnessof money, prices havehardened. 


nia Sterling stocks, Home Corporation stocks, and Colonial 
Government bonds are unaltered. 











Ciosine PRicks.-————————) Move- 














Last j ' | To- ment on 
Fri. | Sat. | Mon. | Tues.) Wed. Thurs. day. | Week. 
| ey 
CY .../102} 9/102} $1102} 8192} 91023 § 102, 811023 g + 
cet | a pict 1024 81026 § 102 ss } 4: ° 
% {L014 aes (LO1h F1O1h QlOrg F 101g £1015 t + * 
seveneves[99% 44/933 491032 43933 4404 594 5943 5}, + 1 
+0090} 14 903 14 90} 1 1} 903 1}90} 139031}... 
. Bilis, June,3%|3/p8/p3/ 8/p3/ S/p3/ 8 p8/ 8/p3! 8/p3/ OS 
-v-[204 6204 620 6204 6204 6295 7295 7) + 1 
India 4 %, red.,Oct. “eo 4103 4103} 41085 4108} 3103} 411033 4 + 
Do 3} Z red., 1931 [103 4103 41 4103) 4103 $ oat cuisst 4+ i 
o3 pred, 1948... 59200} 804 90} 89} 90} 80} 90} 89} 90'92 90} 89390})... 
j } } i } 


Met. B4:of Works 3} 7 20840} t08j 9} 1083 9} 109 


4 108° 4 109} 19, 200)10, +" 3 
* No official quotation. 

Forg1on Government Securities.—Despite a sharp fall on 
Tuesday, when alarmist reports in regard to the so-called 
** Pagny episode” were received from Paris, prices show a 
general improvement on the week. The market at the close is, 
in fact, fairly strong, owing to prevalence of a belief that the 
threatened difficulties will be adjusted. All International stocks 
mark a gain of from } to per cent. Amongst South American 
descriptions, Uruguay Unified have rallied 2 per cent., and 


——— 


[April 30, 1887. 


Peruvian are better, but otherwise there are no changes of 
importance. Mexican have advanced upon the favourable 
tenor of the President’s Speech on April 1. He said, accor- 
ding to the Diario Official, that ‘‘ As to public credit, the 
Executive perseveres in the path that has been marked out for 
it, because it considers this matter of such importance for the 
good name of Mexico at home and abroad, as well as for the 
development of its resources, that, according to its judgment, 
no effert made for the preservaiion of this great element can be 
too great, this being the basis and origin of prosperity in a 
civilised nation.” 

Subjoined are the latest closing prices of the more Important 


issues as compared with last week’s prices. The making-up prices 
at the last settlement are also given for reference purposes :— 


“ Making 

—-Closing Prices _— Rise up” 

Last Week To-day  orFall. Prices, 
Argentine 6 % Public Works, 1871......... a Be Oe ee eae ae 
Ditto 6 % Railway Loan, 1881............ 102} 84 ... 1026 Bh ue 2. 0. vee 108 
RE Sean, 4: nhaseeeenpsenicinsene: 3 WURMEN nee’ OIDED oo cies ee 1 
Austrian 4 % Gold Rentes,..c... wsscerereee 88.90 4. 88.90 2. 0. cae BR 
Brasilian 5 %, 1871 w..cssssseccseresreseeree oor 69 101 oe OP TOL. ne OOF 
Ditto 6 %, 1875 2. 20. 2 corcer-vvcerserevececces LOOIOZ oe. 100 102 20. see 20. cae 100 
Ditto aa % Gold Loan, 1879 eee eer nes eer eee 95 7 eee 94 96 eee = 1 * 95) 
Ditto 44 %, 1883 arrccscorsceceessveverceersers M4 5 oe OB BH wa —- fb vee 04 
Ditto 4%, 18886... vesssrere 99100 4 98 D 2 — 1 we OOF 


Buenos Ayres 6 %, 1882 and 1886 ......... OE a Meee a, eS 
DiCGO 6 %, TOSS oe. rorcrescccsccosee-cecercvercee OF D oo OF D cor uns coe cer OO 
Chilian 4} % Conversion Loan .........+++... 9O}1004 .., 99 101 .., 








4% United Debt .......cccsceeeee i ile Seene epee 
’ Ditto 6 % Preference ....... eee oo tt Bone 06 
Ditto 5 % State Domain . Pag, oe + i wee 864 
Ditto 4 % Daira Sanieh,.,...... 2s... 708 tk ee age | 
French 4} Y, 1888.........rcccersersereessorsevers LOTR S vee MS D wee + BF coe 108h 
SE TE, ED ssctinctshsscsbactecsucters OE cus OU. Deus “see. ce ome OOF 
Ditto 4% Gold Rentes vercecscscscweee 80 Fie SPL + i . 804 
Italian 6 %, 1861 (less 13°20 % tax)......... 065 &. 08 2... — woe 964 
Mexican 8 4, 1851 v..rccccescsscssersersreeesees 285 ~~ own se. 8. we 
Peruvian 6%. 1870 recroccrccrerrsrrerreeeeeesee * ow FP 8 on 153 
Ditto 6 %, 1872...... 3h. oe Ree 188 
Portuguese 3 , 18538- i ao tS we 8 
Russian 6 %, 1870 7 Ba i cee sha 
Ditto 6 %, 1871 _ SE e* soe ce, 
Ditto 6 %, 1872 ove BE... see es 933 
Ditto 5 Xe 18738 94 5 eee 3 eee + } 955 
Bpanioh New 4 % ......sercsscorsssscrsesserssvece OSZF 4 644 #1. + 64 
Turkish, 5 %, 1854 ‘‘ Tribute Loan’ ...... are ee eee | 
Ditto 4} %, 1871....00+++ BittO.....cccccveene 72 oo 18RD we Lh we 788 
Ditto 5 % Defence...... GiECO ....000 vores 84 85 oe ere 
Ditto Groups III. and IV. ...........00 18 Te a 


Ualded Staten 4 Z1B0T sven nnn 190, 3 ss 130, 2 sn : x ie vs 
Ralilinteidiia ... os = es * = 

Home Raitways.-—In the early part of the week a firm tone 
prevailed, but latterly the tendency has been downward, owing 
to the unsettling influence of foreign politics. The market, 
however, closes above its worst, and prices are generally 
higher on the week. Amongst the Southern stocks, 
Brighton ‘‘ A” rallied, at one time up to 121, upon the favour- 
able character of the traffic returns, but they subsequently 
gave way. South-Eastern ‘‘A,” on the other hand, have 
exhibited a want of buoyancy, the traffic receipts being con. 
sidered unsatisfactory. Inthe ‘‘ heavy” stocks, Great Western 
have improved over 1 per cent., while other issues have not much 
more than held their ground. North British have had a firm 
market, and, although closing below their best, mark a rise of 
1g per cent., but Caledonians have not altered materially. The 
stocks of the Metropolitan lines, although sluggish, have been 
firm, especially District Ordinary. 

The following are the latest closing prices, &c., of the leading 
Ordinary stocks :— 


** Making 
losing Prices—~, Rise 


u ” 
Week, To-day or Fall. Prices. 
Caledonian OO OOF OOF OOF OE EOF OEe Oe oes eee eee eee eee . 












evssestte CUED * vig § + 
Great Hastern ...ccrscrcorsccrccsserssssersersesees O79 8 as, i a ae 
Great NOrtherD ........:s0ccecereeeserseeesesenees 11213... 112918}... + vee 132} 
SIIEIE « crnnnennicuggbhiiulbvegeasingabinens teri 102) 3}... 108 @ + ». 103 
OO EEE ED ETT 1863 7... 1873 8h... + 14 we 1874 
Lancashire and Yorkshire . a ES Ok gers >. 
London and Brighton..........c0cersereee 1B2 4 oe BZ 9 ee ee cue ane 182 
SUD Ui cssurdcmnexcseasivteaulecitadbsacdessivienes ROU) OE tat EE ics OE oe SO 
London,Chatham and Dover ............... 23 vv 288 Ob we + § we BF 
Ditto Arbitration Preference ... «. 100 Nia oiiea a 100} 
London and North-Western .............0.00. 16% «. 1683 43... + 8 wo 1635 
London and South-Western ...........000. 1285 OF .. 120 30 a. +b ove 129 
Manchester, Sheffield,and Lincolnshire... 74 6 ... 75 7 we # Lowe 49 
Ditto Dolerred .....ccosscscorseccrscoresrcesees 420 } @ of + 1b ww 42 
TEORIOOIOR ces crecesseccvessccsecstasésnenne” sees 112913} ... 112913 ms os Be 
Metropolitan District ... 4 * o MBit Hw 
TRON sein ctinsnstsciesooes 125 ve 125 oo tb owe 125 
North Staffordshire...... ksiedph Uietelonk 5 sae MOO OE ies” scr “ore cee SOB 
North British OOF OOF OEE OEE OEE FEE EES OTR ROR Cee EOE OOE 102 “ee 104 i + 4 eee 104 
North-Eastern—Consols .......0...s00s0:00 1524 33 ... 153} ._+ » 1535 
Bouth-Mastern ....c..c.ccccecsessescsssesscesevvee 190 2 4, 12031 4. — 1 ow J31 
Ditto Deferred ..............000+ 1083 9} ... 100 3 + & w 109% 


RAILWAY TRAFFIC RECEIPTS. s 

The traffic receipts of the principal railways of the United 
Kingdom for the week ending April 24 are subjoined, ae 
with the increase or decrease as compared with the eeerenpen’ 
ing week in 1886, For purposes of comparison, the Scotc 
railways are given separately, since their aggregate receipts are 
calculated from the Ist February instead of from lst January, 48 
in the case of the English and Irish systems. 


Aisha a nit 


EIT TT ETE A Tee I 





enn, ; . 
AC LL TN % ethinatttinithmatnnatettittitittalimatly citiiy 


—— TT 
—— 


eee eases eee eens 


April 30, 1887.] 


The decrease of 57,1907 for the week on the English and Irish 
lines is equal to 5 33 per cent., as compared with the correspo ndin 
week of last year, while the increase of 570/ for Scotland is located 
to 0°45 per vent, 

The respective aggregate totals show for the English and Irish 
lines an increase of 337,324, equal to 2°15 per cent. and for the 
Scotch lines an increase of 4,404:, equal to 0°31 per cent., as com- 
pared with the corresponding period of 1886. 


a 

















Aggregate 

Receipts of 
Week's Increase or Half-year Inc. or 
meee, rae neeete: Dec. 
£ 
Groat Eastern ....ccccccessessce 59,605 —— 8,952  rocseceee 08,063 + 1.102 
Great Northern O00 08: Oe eee eee ne 72,248 — 1,082 eereroes 1,151,022 — 3,239 
Great Western  .......0.c0ee00008 148,920 + 3,740 sessesvee 2,249,600 + 62,760 
Lancashire and Yorkshire coe §=69,2841 — 6,756 sevcccoee 1,177,088 + 56,836 
London and Brighton eee eneeee 41 ,250 a 4,553 "ee res cee 975 + 29,¢69 
London, Chatham, and Dover 22454 — 8.960 rio 321,864 + 12,231 
London and North-Western 185,762 — 1.940 coco. 2,918,898 + 86,661 
London and South-Western 57,140 — 2672 rescore 801,896 + 15,726 
Manchewtes, Sheff., & tee 36,714 + 496 revesrvee «562,509 + 15,769 
Metropoli sevsivians Lae. + aae : eeedbens 201,448 + 1,047 
Metropolitan District se 7,280 + BT © ccccesces 127,374 — 827 
- 124,628 — 21,998 Ti") 2950642 — 2,830 
_ 5,708 seccooscee 1,668571 + 86,837 
- ee. ae 525,371 + 3,677 
Great "Northern (Ireland). a BEaee + TOG caw io 180,727 + 10,863 
Gt. Sthrn. & Western Irelnd 13,889 + 850 198,633 + 8,376 
Midland Gt. Western (Irind.) 8638 + BOB. cchiscct 123,789 + 2,585 
1,015,235 — 657,100 ......... 16,027,810 + 337,324 
Caledonian 15 ccescevsessescosees 55,387 + ee 624,190 — 6,757 
Glasgow and South-Western 21,244 + 209 escocoee 244,658 + 5,612 
North British 00 008 O08 Ot Fee ter ee. 51,752 + 170 04 coceee 570,792 + 4,549 
128,333 — 570 cccosooe 1,439,640 + 4,404 


CotontaL Rarways.—In Grand Trunk stocks the 4 per cent. 
Guaranteed issue, which is now ex dividend, closes higher, but 
the other issues are weaker. Canadian Pacific shares mark a 
r:se of $1. Business has been very inactive in all these securities. 
Indian Guaranteed stocks have been quiet and firm. 


Pa following are the latest closing prices, &c., of the leading 
ues :— 





** Making 
7-Closing Tod Rise up” 
Last Week To- $e or Fall Prices. 
Bombay, Baroda, &c. agra cecncencecs AE OF ie ee oS + 1 164 
Canadian Pacific, Shares" Secu vdilasacie Oe 3. OR —@ 
East Indian Deferred .. ww. 11g 20 RP ee 118. 
Grand Trunk of Canada, ‘Ordinary... veka ° | Bowe 153 at ee wt BB 
Ditto, 4 %, Guaranteed .........cc.00008 80 wee: Ae Xeo + § vo SI 
Ditto, First Preference ............00++0 82 a Saf — } oa 
Ditto, Second Preference ............ ee §=699708 .. 6859 1. — Td wee 70 
D'tto, Third Preference .........s000000 378 § wee 37 4 vee — § coe 
Great Indian Peninsula ...............00+-0 148 50. ... 143 50 ... nip: oa 


AmericaN RarLways.—Owing to speculative realisations, 
prices in this department gave way in the middle of the week, 
and they have since only partially recovered. Most issues are 
fractionally lower, the one exception being Union Pacific shares, 
which have advanced in consequence of the announcement that 
the company has acquired the control of the Oregon Railway 
and Navigation Company. A 6 per cent. ninety-nine year 
bond is, it is said, to be given for the shares of the latter under- 
taking. It will, no doubt, form a satisfactory arrangement to 
both parties. 


The following are the latest closing prices, &c., of the more pro 
minent issues :-— 


** Making 
7-—Closing Prices—~, Rise a 
Last Week. To-dav. orFall. Prices. 
Oentrai Pacific, Shares ... ccvce G18 Ff cee au 2 + o 42 
Chicago Mil., & St Paul, Gom. Stock ... 944 ose «ee ww. 04 
Denver and Rio Grande, Ord. in beneee 313 af er we S13 
Ditto Preferred Shares ........... we G4R Ris Bo... ate: cme ee OE 
Illinois Central Shares ..... — OF .. ist Tine — Lb we 1375 
Lake Shore and Michigan Sothrn, ‘Shares 97 . 97} e “~~ = ¢ «we 98 
Louisville and Nashville, Com. Stock we @ 69 ~ — we TO 
New York, Central] Shares.............s:s0000 116 1153 164... — i soo 116} 
New York, L. E.,and Western, Ord.Shrs. 358 §... 349 J... — onic ae 
Ditto 6 %, Second Consol. Mort. ......... 105} gj ... 10465... — i cee 106. 
N.Y., Ontario, & Western, Reg. Shares.. 19) 3%... 19) 3 = w 19 
N. Y., Pennsylvania. & Ohio,7 % Ist Mort. 4839 ... 486 @.. — | we 4 
Norfolk & Western, Preferred .......0s0008 523 3h... 539 ? wi + w. 53 
Northern Pacific, Preferred . eves 62h SQ... 63 + vee 63 
Ohio & Mississippi, Ordinary Shares ...... 31 - 318 §.. + «oe 32 
Oregon & California, Pref. Sth.,assest.pd. 21 2 ... 21 2 we ., «+ ov 2h 


Pennsylvania R. R., $50 Shares ......... wee Oh Bsn OH 4 
elphia & Reading, $50 Shares . a a. ee 
Union Pacific, Shares .. 61g 23... 635 § ... 
Wabash, St. Louis, &e., Preferred Shares 95 64 ... éoa 
Ditto 6%. General Mortgage, Certs. .. 59460} ... 60} § ... 


Forzian Ramways.—Mexican issues have been quiet, but 
firm, the week's ‘‘take ” of 14,9001 being about equal to expec- 
tation. Buenos Ayres and Resario Ordinary have risen 3, but 
North-West of Uruguay have fallen 1. 

Bank Suares.—The market has been inactive, but steady. 
The only noticeable changes are a rise of 1 in Bank of Victoria, 
2 in Hong Kong and Shanghai, and 4 in London Chartered of 
Australia, 

MISCELLANEOUS SECURITIES. —Telegraph securities have con. 
tinued moderately active at firm prices. Gas and Water stocks 
are unchanged. In Mining ventures, the shares of copper 
undertakings have been flat, especially Rio Tinto, owing t 


itis 
Carden 
228 


THE ECONOMIST. 





565 


the disappointing dividend. St John Del Rey have also fallen 
13. Amongst other securities, Aerated Bread shares have 
risen 7, Anglo-American Brush 4, Brooke, Simpson, and 
Spiller 3, Fore Street Warehouse 4, Suez Canal ?, Hodgson’s 
Brewery }, Improved Industrial Dwellings 5, La Guaira Har- 
bour bonds 4, Liebig’s shares 1, New Explosives }, Allsopp’s 
§ to 3, Welford and Sons }, Mercantile Investment Trust 2, 
Natal Land Ordinary ?, Crown Life Insurance (50! paid) 2, 
Imperial Fire 2, and London General Omnibus 2; while 
Young’s Paraffin shares have fallen 3, Spratts Patent 4, Har- 
rison, Barber, and Co., 4, Guinness Ordinary 4, Barrett's 
Brewery 3, City of London Brewery 1, Bryant and May @, and 
National Agricultural Hall Debentures 6. 

The following are the latest closing prices, &c.,of the more im- 








or 

Anglo-American Tel h, — pe | 3778. = " 
Hudson’s Bay, a. Su ar ee o~ 233 . — i ave 
Imperial Ottoman Bank.. badécciguiens SOR ME tae + ae 
Mexican Railway, Ordinary ... wnsed sik age Oe Oe eon. RB 

Ditto, First Preference .. ints See « 1253 6 .. + wwe 126 
Rio Tinto, Shares...... PER 10 ace _ oo I 
South Austrian Railway, Shares... Lt ee a PoE Tree se a 
BO CREE, BRIE cos ecs cccnpnsevcrnctesmetrcess 7 poe r + t we 
United Telephone Lanbde engdisscsseappenineqngneses 12j1 3h + § «~ I 

BuLLion.—The following is taken from the circular of Messrs 
Pixley and Abel, dated April 28 :— 


Gold.—All open market arrivals have been bought fcr the Con-. 
tinent, there having been during the week a keen demand. The 
sum received by the Bank of England is inconsiderable, only 5,000/ 
having been bought. The chief arrivals are: from China and 
Australia, 67,000/ ; from Central America, 39,000/ ; from Cape and 
Chili, 3,000/—total, 109,000/. 10,0002 has gone ‘to Bombay, per 
Ravenna. 

Silver.—This market improved daily until after the issue of 
Council bills was known, when, with some small amounts pressing 
or the market, some weakness was noticeable, and we quote to-day * 
443d as the price. The arrivals are: from New York, 78,000/; 
from Chili, 52,000/ ; from Australia, 3,500/—total, 133, 5000. 72,5001 
has been shi ped to India. 

Mexican deter have been without feature since our last, and 
may be nominally quoted at 433d. 

Quotations for Bullion.—Gold.—Bar gold, fine, 77s 9d per oz 
standard; bar gold, containing 20 dwts silver, 778 10d per oz 
standard. 

Silver.—Bar silver, fine, 444d per ozstandard; bar silver, contain- 
ing 5 grs gold, 444d per oz standard ; cake silver, 47§d per oz. 
Quicksilver, 7/, firm. 

The silver market shows a slight rise on the week, the 
peoe for bars closing at 444d per oz, but it cannot be termed 


Messrs A. P. Turner and Co., 50 Threadneedle street, E.C., 
report the following prices asked in New York and Boston 
on Thursday, April 28, at noon:— 


April28. April 21, 




















Lehigh Valley Shares ... sactscnsenacioiesdeabettnwesetbedsevagtadstink - AU Santee 56 
Missouri Pacific Shares .... edd duneag oad asd cd colmmbonipahesvongiicianse: Wie 1 mann Manat 19 
Baltimore and Ohio Shares... Riidicbaginccdcssusceibientecctecductes | BOE See ae 
Pullman Car Shares... pees SORE eae 152 
Cleveland, Columb., Cin. “and Indianapolis Common Shares . orcas OF. secs 
Mexican Central 4s ‘(non assent) .. a 
Missouri, Kansas, and Texas General Consold. 6 per ¢ cent. - Bonds 101} ...... 102) 
Texas and Pacific Cons, of 1905... 102§ 2s 102 
Texas and Pacific R. Grande Div. ist Mortgage és... ee est 
Texas and Pacific Income Land Grant, 1915... , 
St Louis, Alton, and Terre Haute Dividend Bonds, i 1808 i 39 $end 
Richmond and Danville Debentures, 63,1927 . sceosicerere | SEB eqeest 113 . 
Houston and Texas Central General Mortgage. "és, 2 13) aie 
East Tennessee, Virginia, and Georgia 1st Cee cotidated Ss, 1966 BOER | esac 100} 
Denver, Rio Grande, and Western Ist 6s, 1911 ...........-. TER: aanecs 77 
New York and New England Common Shares.. 1 i Set 
Texas and Pacific Shares ...... biioak OF. = 
East Tennessee, Virginia, and Georgia ‘Ist Preference Shares.. haan i savees 
St Louis, Arkansas, and Texas 2nd ow L. pucnadeasacsibcbeeneiins® tales 522 
St Louis, Arkansas, and Texas Shares... oh ae eee 
COURSE OF EXCHANGE. 
Price Negotiated on ‘Change. 
April 26. April 28. 

















Money. | Paper. |. Money. 











" sesussasueeeei @months | 12 2 | 12 | 32 2 23} 12 33 
..| At sight | 12 1 | 12 2 | 21 | 12 
..| $ months | 20 49 2053 | 20 49 | 20 53 
“= 1 9050 | 9054 | 8c 49 | BC 54 

- 20 50 | 2054 ; 2049 | 20 54 
~ 12 85 | 12 87} ;| 12.464 | 12 
_ 12 85 | 12 87} | 12 86} | 12 s8 
— | 25 488 | 25 53} | 2 25 51 
— | 23 (20g | SOR | 203 
Cheques | 25 25 | 2530 | 25 233 | 2 
months | 26 43} | 25 433 | 25 42 | 26 47 
— | 4 i 33 See | 36 Sad | a8 90 
- 25 733 | 5 7 é 3 
<1" | 465 |S 463 
—- | 46g 48 419 
= 4 | 465 cat pC 
—- {a (ee } 464 
— |e | - 
a | a€ s a * t 
~ | bed } sa , 

































See ee ne nnn nnn ee ee eee 


ei ore 


bs she aod 


es ee 


Leeomreonaaresuneraesy sai 


Seaton ates 











566 


FOREIGN RATES OF EXCHANGE ON LONDON. 























atest ae Latest Rates of 
rates. jeer str Rano Usance 
ee t {orem (ee ee 
Aph2s) 225 Ch ro ...,Apl.27) 21$d j90dysst 
eR a ise Asia 
oie. eh |... « Bein 23) % 
xi tes Merge bid es 
23 12°70 ~ Pa 
- = on - ow * 
— 3 2026 ve Mar “ ( 00dysst 
Pe ae FN — } Pape. 
— 8 111°26 sean oe sane) 
wad we | ef a ae 28 15 eelegve’ 
—_ a soe ~ 23 5 } te S 
Apl2s 4600 |... [Caloutta ......: —23 1/5 ) |*ranetre 
Smal 0a 5 — 23 8/2, 4m. ogt. 
veces APL 6 26}4-37}0 — 28 4/5} 








NOTICES AND REPORTS. 


RAILWAY COMPANIES. 


Anglo-Austrian.—The directors state that the important opera- 
tion alluded to in the report for the year 1885—viz., the —— 
business taken over from the Bohemian Boden Credit Gesellschaft 
in Prague—has been definitely settled. The alterations in the 
statutes, agreed to by the general meeting, have been sanctioned by 
the Government ; and there were in circulation at the end of 1886 
bonds to the extent of 5,452,400f1 undrawn, ane r cent. 
interest, issued by the bank, covered by mo 5,482,061 f1. 
The results of the year’s working of the bank's coal mines were so 
encouraging as to induce the directors to order a third shaft to be 
sunk, and a considerable increase in the output is confidently 
expected so soon as the shaft will be opened. During the past year 
the banking business was satisfactory, although the reduced rate of 
interest obtainable was not without an unfavourable infiuence on 
the profits. The ae - — is arom ho of which it is 

posed to pay a dividend of 6fl per share, equal to 5 per cent. per 
Sa heaeloat 102,029ff to be cine ewe - . 

. Brazilian Imperial Central Bahia.—The report states that the 
traffic receipts amounted in 1886 to 52,600/, and the expenditure to 
52,6451, The matter of the proposed extension towards the river 
Sao Francisco has been left in abeyance by the Imperial Govern- 
ment. The board daily hope to receive advice as to the issue of a 
decree authorising the construction of a short line to Olhos d’Agua, 
The board regret that the line, although practically completed, has 
not yet been accepted by the Government; but, on the contrary, 
in May last a decree was issued imposing a fine upon the company 
for ee As the fine is of a very serious nature, the 
‘board thought it advisable to compromise matters with the Govern- 
ment by agreeing to do certain of the works required, and to con- 
struct the extension to Olhos d’Agua, the Government agreeing to 
return the amount of the fine. and to allow the extension to be 
worked by the main line, and a percentage of the traffic receipts to 
ge towards the interest on the capital to be expended. To provide 

or the necessary outlay, and to furnish a working capital of about 

20,000/, it is proposed to create and issue 80,000/ in 5 per cent. 
debenture stock. The revenue account shows that, after payment 
of the interim dividend for the half-year ending June 30, 188, and 
making provision for the interest on the company’s debentures and 
debenture stock, and the sinking fund required by the trust deed, 
there remains a balance amounting to 22,711/, and the directors 
recommend a dividend at the rate of 7 per cent. per annum. 

Buenos Ayres and Rosario,—The accounts for 1886, after pro- 
viding for interest on debenture stock, and dividend on the 7 per 
eent. preference shares, show a balance of 32,1151, which, with the 
balance from 1885, makes a disposable balance of 31,623/, out of 
which the board recommend a dividend of 6 per cent. to be declared 
upon the ordinary stock of the company, leaving a balance of 4,171/ 
to be carried forward. 

Cincinnati, Washington, and Baltimore.—Comparative statement 
of results of operations for the past four years :— 














































1886. 1885. 1884, 
Gross earnings 2010 406 ] 708 270 1 : 
BEVSS CALI 2. cee eerecccnn 2 eee , > ’ 5 

Total expenses, including oy Tn 

rents and taxes ......... 1,462,943 1,464,830 1,408,371 
Netearnings .......0...... 547,463 ... 240,440 445,936 
Fixed charges ............... 693,175... 693,175 693,072 
Interest on current debts, : 

less Central Union De- 

pot dividends ............ 408 1,313 28,594 
DMN scien ctnatcns 145,710 454,048 274,730 






Diinaberg and Witepsk.—The report for 1886 shows that the 
gross receipts amoun to 2,012,172 roubles, and the expenses to 
1,474,721 roubles, as against 1,998,561 roubles and 1,498,409 roubles 
in 1885. The net ts in the year 1886 thus amount to 537,451 
roubles, while in the previous year they were 500,151 roubles, but 
the sterling result may be considerably affected by the exchange, 
which has declined seriously since the last meeting. The directors 
have commenced the formation of a working capital by the applica- 
tion of a portion of the reserve fund, 

‘on, Brighton, and South Coast,—The following is the 
approximate statement of receipts and expenses on revenue account 




















THE ECONOMIST. 









































[April 30, 1887. 


from lst January, 1887, as compared with the corresponding period 
previous year :— 








gree ME ma, 1886. 
£ 








€ £ 
Net balance brought forward ......6. cscs Dr. 11,157... Dr. 18,962 
Gross revenue, month of March _............ 148,604 «». 140,100 
Working charge. and renewals, do ........ 82,187 . 80,354 
Debenture, preference, and general interest 
and rent of leased lines, etc, ..........5.... 64,973 «» 64,988 
——— Or, 1,444 Dr. 5,187 
Net balance carried forward ... ~ . ......++ Dr. 9713 . Dr. 24,179 


New York, Lake Erie, and Western.—The gross earnings ot this 
company, including the New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio Rail. 
Company, for the month of March, 1887, were, $1,946,403 : 
the working expenses, $1,326,495 ; and the net earnings, $619,908, 
showing an increase, as compared with the same period last year, 
of $100,554. The gross earnings of this company, excluding the 
New York, Pennsylvania, Obie Railroad Company, were 
$1,623,178; the working expenses, $1,028,132; and the net earn- 
ings $595,046, showing an increase, as compared with the same 
period last year, of $140,746. The net earnings for the six months 
of the fiseal year amount to $3,372,389, showing an increase, as 
compared with the same period last year, of $518,398. 

Pennsylvania,—The earnings of this company East of 
Pittsburgh and Erie, for the month ending 3lst March, show, as 
compared with the same period of last year, an increase of $508,578 ; 
an increase in the expenses of $378,417; and an increase in net 
earnings of $130,161 ; making a net increase for the three months of 
$505,524. The operations of all lines West of Pittsburgh show an 
increase in net earnings as compared with the same period last year 
(three months) of $1,089,900. : 

West Flanders.—The report for the half year ending December 
31 last shows an available valance of 10,821/, after providing for 
the payment of the preference dividends, and of the interest and 
redemption of the two series of bonds, also carrying to renewal and 
extension account 500/, and to the reserve fund 1,412. The 
directors propose to pay a dividend of 8s 1d per share, which, with 
the dividend of 4s per share declared in November last, will make 
a total distribution of 12s 1d per share for the year, equal to 5 per 
cent. on the ordinary share capital. 


BANKING COMPANIES. 


Bank of Montreal.—A half-yearly dividend at the rate of 10 per 
cent. per annum. and a bonus of 2 per cent., have been declared. 

Bank of New South Wales.—At a meeting, held at Sydney, to-day 
(Friday), a dividend was declared at the rate of 15 per cent., 
together with a bonus of 2} per cent. per annum, being 8} per cent. 
for the half year‘ended 3ist March. ‘The sum of 10,000/ out of the 
half year’s profits has been added to the Reserve Fund, which, with 
the premium on new stock peid/up, will now aiount to 872,000/. 

Bank of New Zealand.—At the half-yearly general meeting, held 
in Auckland, the directors’ report was adopted, and, a distribution 
at the rate of 124 per cent. per annum was declared, the balance of 
profit carried to next account being 14,000/. The directors’ report 
recommends a transfer from the reserve fund of 125,000/, to meet 
losses referred to at the previous meeting. 3 

Deutsche.—The report shows that the net profits of the year 1886 
amount to 7,645,728m., representing 12 per cent. on the capital, 
which it has been decided to appropriate as follows :—viz., 
5,400,000m. to dividend of 9 per cent. to shareholders, 464,573m. to 
ordinary reserve, 1,028,217m. to directors and managers, 255,000m. 
to superannuation fund and gratuities to the staff, leaving 497,938m. 
carried forward to new account. On the Ist October, 1886, the 
bank opened a branch at Frankfort-on-Main, for the purpose of 
continuing the business of the Frankfurter Bankverein, which had 

acquired under an agreement. For the purpose of furthering 
the German trade with South America, an independent institution 
has been created, under the name of Deutsche Uebersee Bank, with 
a capital limited for the present to 10,000,000m., the shares of 
which are to remain the property of the Deutsche Bank. The seat 
of the new company will be in Berlin, with branches in Buenos 
Ayres, and such other South American ports as may be determined 
upon hereafter. Arrangements have lnedias been made for enter- 
taining permanent banking relations with Zanzibar. 

London Chartered of Australia,—The available profits for the 
half year ended December 31 last, amount to 64,253/, out of which 
th. directors recommend a dividend at the rate of 7 per cent. per 
annum, and an addition of 20,000/ to the reserve fund (making 
140,000/), a balance of 9,263/ being carried forward. 

Union of Scotland.—The report made up to the 2nd inst. states 
that the balance at credit of profit and loss account, after providing 
for rebate of interest and for all bad and doubtful debts, is 129,060/, to 
which has to be added the balance from the previous year, 18,951/, 
making 148,011/ available. The directors recommend the payment 
of a dividend at the rate of 12 per cent. per annum, or 24s per 
share, free of income tax, payable in equal proportions, on the 10th 
of May and the 10th of November next, amounting to 124,000/. It is 
also proposed to epply 5,000/ in reduction of bank premises, carrying 
forward 19,011/. The bank’s rest, or surplus profits, stands at 
380,000/, exclusive of the whole year’s dividend and balance in 
profit and loss account, which, together, amount to 143,0114. 


ASSURANCE COMPANIES. 


Employers’ Liabdility.—The directors recommend the payment of 
a dividend of 2s 6d a share, free of income tax. 

Globe Marine.—Mr Myer Salaman, of the firm of Messrs J. 
Salaman and Co., of Monkwell street, has joined the board of this 


*'Handi 
and-in-Hand Fire and Life.—The directors state that in the 
fire department the premiums in 1886 amounted (after deduction 

















April 30, 1887.] 








of reassurances) to 67,089, and the losses and expenses, including 
commission, to 55,954!, leaving a profit on the year of 11,t3d/. 
There has been paid as returns to the policyholders 11,6247. In the 
life department, 239 new policies were issued for 182,850/, the 

remiums amounting to 5,902/. The total premiums (after deducting 
4401 paid for reassurances) amounted to 149,578/. The bonus 
returns of the year amounted to 75,267/. One hundred and nineteen 
claims by death were admitted, amounting to 111,697/. The funds 
on December 31, 1886, were 2,215,462/, against 2,166,347/ on 
December 31, 1885. 

London and Lancashire Fire—At the annual meeting, held at 
Liverpool, on Thursday, a dividend of 12 per cent. was declared. 
A surplus of 46,9397 on the operations of the year was reported. 
The reserve fund and amount carried forward was increased to 
376,412/. The income from premiums was 482,110/, and the sum 
paid for fire claims was 298,849/. 

National Life.—The report for 1886 states that the losses by 
death in 1886 were less by 28,117/ than in 1885. The new assurances 
(deducting reinsurances) amounted to 167,170/, against 143,720/ the 
new annual premiums being 5,108/ against 4,963/. A system of 
monthly premiums has recently been adopted by the directors, and 
it is hoped that the accounts for 1887 will show a good result from 
this arrangement, as well as from the general extension of agencies 
in Great Britain. Although these measures cannot be taken 
without additional expense, economies have been effected in other 
directions. 

New York Life.—The report for 1886 states that 22,027 new 
Olicies have been issued, insuring 17,526,398/. The accumulated 
und on January 1, 1887, was 15,416,034, having increased 
1,729,737 during the year. The income for the year was 3,874,847/. 
The interest received was 755,409/, being 188,118/ in excess of the 
amount paid for death claims. The cash bonuses paid to policy- 
holders amounted to 426,798/. The surplus over all liabilities was 
3,199,443/. 

Scottish Amicable Life.—The directors report that during 1886, 
736 polices were issued and taken up, assuring the capital sum of 
440,168/ ; the new premiums on which—including 7,052/, of single 
payments—amounted to 19,224/. In addition to this, the sum of 
11,339/ was received for annuities granted during the year. The 
number of deaths in 1886 was 256, and the consequent claims, 
including bonus additions, and after deducting reassurances, 
amounted to 167,805/. The society has also paid the sum of 7,275), 
under policies which became claims by survivance. The accounts 

show that the total income was 337,968/, and the total outgo 
224,689/, resulting in the sum of 113,279/ being added to the net 
funds, which at 3lst December last amounted to 2,775,247/. The 
total assurances on the society’s books at 3lst December last 
amounted to 8,005,976/, under 14,745 policies. The general com- 
mittee of management, in terms of the powers entrusted to them, 
have ordered payment of a bonus at the rate of one and a half per 
cent. per annum, on all participating policies of not less than five 
years’ standing, that may become claims by death before the 31st of 
December, 1888. Such bonus to be computed for each complete 
year since the declaration at last Septennial In-estigation. 

Standard Life.—At the annual general meeting,held on Tuesday, 

| it was stated that in the year ended November 15, 2,293 proposals 
were accepted, assuring 1,178,369/. The total existing assurances 
in foree at November 15, 1886, amounted to 20,467,345/, of which 
1,469,744/ was reassured with other offices. The claims by death or 
matured endowments which arose during the year amounted, 
including bonus additions, to 603,511/. The annual revenue 
amounted at November 15, 1886, to 904,757/. The accummulated 
funds at the same date amounted to 6,696,425/, being an increase 
during the year of 103,451/. 

Yangtsze Association. —The directors have declared a bonus of 10 
per cent. to contr.butors of business during 1886. 


MISCELLANEOUS COMPANIES. 

Bombay Gas.-—The report for the half year ending December 2] 
last, states that the directors have added 5,700/ to credit of exchange 
equalisation account, raising it thereby to 10,100/, to provide for 
the loss in exchange. The balance at the credit of general revenue 
account, after carrying 750/ to the reserve fund for depreciation of 
plant, &c., is 9,752/, from which the directors recommend a dividend 
of 4 per cent., making 74 per cent. for the year, free of income tax, 
which will absorb 9,600/, and leave a balance of 152/ to be carried 
forward. 

Darjeeling Tea.—The report for 1886 states that the gross profit 
was 12,610/—a falling-off of 1,684/- But, under the circumstances, 
this may be considered a satisfactory result, particularly when it is 
remembered that the prices for Indian teas in 1886 were the lowest 
on record. It is proposed to distribute the profit as follows :—Com- 
missions to staff, 1,513/ ; directors’ extra fees, 75/ ; income tax, 351/; 
dividend at 74 per cent., 10,157/ ; reserve fund, 4844. i 

_Hop Bitters.—The directors have decided to pay an interim 
dividend at. the rate of 10 per cent. per annum for the half-year 
ending March 31 last. 

Hodgson’s KingstonBrewery.—The directors have decided to pay 
an interim dividend at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum. pg 

Robert Boyle and Son.—The directors have paid an interim divi- 
vend for the half-year ending March 31 at the rate of 10 per cent. 
perannum, free of income tax. 

Singapore Gas.—The report for the half-year ending December 
31, shows a balance of 2,409/, after placing 500/ to reserve. Out of 
this sum the directors recommend the declaration of a dividend at 
the rate of 74 per cent. per annum, less income tax, carrying forward 
a balance of 333/. 

; West India and Panama Telegraph.—The directors recommend ‘ 
dividend of 6s per share, on account of arrears of dividend on the 
first preference shares. 


THE ECONOMIST. 


there been more genial warmth and sunshine. — 
production still makes but slow progress, whilst the season 


erties 
EN} peer serene en 


567 | 





MINING COMPANIES. 


Mas and Barry.—The report for 1886 states that after writing 
off in the nine books for depreciation of works, plant, &c. (includ- 
ing open cast account), the sum of 33,4762, and allowing for the 
variation in the estimated value of the stocks on hand in this 
country and in Portugal on December 31st, 1886, and after deduct- 
ing the current expenses and income tax, the net profits on i 
account have amounted to the sum of 55,141/, to which has to be 
added the sum of 9,893/ received as dividend on the La Sabina 
shares, and the sum of 2,241/ from sundries, making together a 
total profit for the year of 67,276/. It is proposed to pay a second 
dividend of 2s per share, making, with the interim dividend of 3s 
per share, a total dividend for the year of 2} per cent. The profits 
realised were 23,064 less than in 1885, which is wholly due to the 
depreciation in the value of copper. The average price of Chili 
— 1886 was 49] 5s, against 44/ 2s 6d in 1885, and 54/ 10s in 

Mysore Gold.—The directors have declared a dividend of 2s 
per share. 

fio Tinto,—The directors have resolved, subject to writing off 
the amount of drawn bonds and sundry depreciations, in all, 
74,3951, to debit of revenue account, to recommend a final divi- 
dend on the shares of the company of 2s per share, making, with 
the interim dividend paid in Tora: 3 per cent. for the year, 
free of income tax, and carrying forward 7,000/ to the new account. 

Scottish Australian.—The balance of profit for the half 
year ended Dec. 31 (including 9047 brought forward from the pre- 
vious account) is 18,5087. The directors propose the payment of a 
dividend on the paid-up capital of the company at the rate of 174 
per cent. per annum, free of income tax, which will require 14,000/, 
and to carry forward to next account 4,508/. 


NEW COMPANIES AND CAPITAL. 


The new issues of the current year are as under, vendors’ sharas 
&c., being deducted, as usual :— 








First 
Capital Payment Further 
a — —~ 
Amount previously subscribed ............ 32,575,829 
Issues of the week :— 
Atlantic and North-West Railway 5 per 

Onn as la wee ove 
City of London and Southwark Sub- 

SOUR BATE WO Sersccveccen coscks wqecenee 8 74,440 29,776 ... 44 664 
Crown Point Gold Mine (L.) £1 shares 110,000 41,250 .. 63,750 
Shoreham Portland Cement (L.) £1 

ID Siren to catnciptinaticie<iccosipace 16,090 ... 4,900 ... 12,000 
Singapore, Straits, &c., Electrical Com- 

pany (b&.) £5 shares ..... 20... ...c00-.2.0 39,000 15,600... 23,400 
Swansea Corporation 84 per cent. Loan 

for £200,000 at 96 per cent... ......0044 190,009 10,000 ... 130,000 

Total for week ........cce cece 1,750,440 
£ Total subscribed foryear:— £ 
Totalto datein 1887 ......... $4,335,260 | 1886.22... c0ce-cecceecesceceeseeeese 103,874,000 
Corresponding total in 1886. 36,952,700 | 1885 soeee 77,972,000 
Do in 1825 _......... vceeeeee 109,031,000 
Doin 1884 _......... svcore 145,550,000 





Chicago, St Paul, and Kansas City Railway First Mortgage Bonds, 
—The allotment letters were posted on the 27th inst. by Messrs 
Robert Benson and Co. 

Debenture Corporation, Limited.—We understand that the full 
amount of the new issue of shares has already been applied for by 
existing shareholders. 

Swansea Corporation 34 per cent. Loan for 200,000/.—The Bank of 
England is prepared to receive tenders for a further issue of 
200,000/ of the above stock, bearing interest at 34 per cent. per 
annum, payable half-yearly at the Bank of England or any of their 
country branches, on the same terms as before. The minimum 
price of issue is 95/ per cent. The first dividend, being six months’ 
interest, is payable on July 1, 1887. Tenders are to be delivered at 
the chief cashier’s office, Bank of England, on or before Tuesday, 
May 3. 

Mcceae Straits Settlements, and Siam Electrical Co, (L.)— 
Capital, 60,000/, in 5/ shares, of which 11,000 are preferred, and 1,000 
deferred. Only 7,800 shares are offered for public subscription, of 
which, it is said, at least 1,600 have been guaranteed by subscribers. 
This company is formed for the purpose of acquiring and working 
an electric lighting concession granted by the Municipal Commis- 
sioners of Singapore to the vendor, for carrying cut electrical work 
in all its branches, including telephone and telegraphs, in the far 
East. It is stated that several orders for lighting have been 
secured. The price to be paid for the concession and all the plant 


is 9,500/. 








Che Commercial Cimes. 





THE CORN TRADE. 
Marx Lanz, Fripay Evznrme. 


There has been some improvement in the weather this week, 
inasmuch that the rainfall has increased. Copious showers have 
been pretty general throughout the kingdom, and have in a great 
measure relieved apprehensions that were felt with regard to 
the barley crop. ait round the egricultural outlook shows a 
coptiblead vastage, which would, however, have been greater had 
Wanting this, 


xz 


The eve of May has arrived, 
ne cnn 


is getting well advanced. 





ae 


Fa oo an ee ee ee Sc mbitinicaaminihcesite aR Te ea ee ee 


ecient ann cea aes + RO 








































is 


cealieiamindincimen amiennaen eT eran 


BAAR SAAR RPE TE i lk eG ell 


ows to anne 


Brat ns pec a8 a ses Le re 


A eee tg 









and no spell of really spring-like weather has yet been experi- 
enced. The protracted and unbroken cold temperature 
has given hardihood to everything showing above ground, 
and the situation with regard to the crops generally 
is, in this respect, essentially safe. May frosts have often been 
productive of much injury. Should they, however, occur on the 
present occazion, more than a minimum of mischief could hardly 
result. But the dangers incidental to the period being passed, pro- 
gress becomes every day more decreasable. Much further delay 
will almost preclude the possibility of an early harvest, and seriously 
increase the probability of a late one. Already the prolonged 
cieck to vegetation must have increased the consumption of bread- 
stuffs and dry feed to an a extent, and a late harvest 
would, as a consequence, tell with the greater effect upon supplies. 
The position of the trade is, therefore, not without some elements of 
strength, which the usual weekly statistical returns havetended rather 
t> assist. The imports of foreign breadstuffs into the Kingdom last 
week were fair, but owing to the meagre deliveries of English, the 
aggregate supply was not brought up to average requirements, and 
nothing material can have been alded to granary stocks, The 
quantity of wheat and flour on passage was at the same time reduced 
by about 140,000 gqrs, bringing that item to 1,856,000 qrs, or 
230,000 qrs less than at this time last year. American shipments 
showed increase, but the excess of wheat was for the Continent. 
The portion for the United Kingdom was 75,000 qrs from the 
Atlantic ports, and 50,000 qrs from California, differing little from 
the previous week. Of flour, however, the shipments to this country 
were 252,000 bags. being 24,000 larger than in the week 
before. Meantime, the American visible supply decreased 250,000 
qrs. The markets during the week have been firm for English 
wheats, and on many of them prices have sustained a 
small advance, Mark Lane following with an occasional rise of 
6d, Foreign whcats had a simi'ar tendency up to Wednesday last, 
when stiffer rates were at the opening obtained on the spot and for 
arrival. In the latter position Calcutta No. 2 Club, April-June 
shipment, touched 32s 9d, showing a rise of 9d per qr. Subse- 
quently a sudden reaction in New York and Chicago checked and 
weakened the market here. Prices have since ruled flatly. Calcutta 
club this afternoon closed at 32s for April-June shipment, and other 
imports tended against sellers, The last telegrams from America 
indicated continual depression. Flour bas not varied much in price, 
|| but was less saleab!e to-day than in the earlier part of the week. 
Maize has been firm in all positions, closing rather dearer at 19s 6d 
for Odessa, and 20s for American mixed on the spot. For arrival, 
businers has been done from day to day at full to rather 
stiffer rates, closing at the best, viz., 19s 3d for Danubian, and 
19s 9d for Galatz Foxanian, May-June shipment. Barley, on t he 
spot, has been dull of sale, but prices are generally sustained. For 
arrival, the market has rather hardened, Danubian, prom pt ship- 
ment, closes at 14s 9d, and Azoff, at 15s 44d. Oats have arrived in 
moderate quantity, and, although stocks are heavy, prices have 
favoured sellers. Common Russian are quoted lls 6d to lls 9d. 
Beans and peas have meta retail demind at unaltered prices. 
Tue following table estimates tie home consumption of wheat 
—a the harvest year 1886-7, cor tristed with 1885-6, 1884-5, 
and 1883-4 :— 


| 1886-7. | 1885-6, | 1884-5. | 1833-4" 


| ewts. | cwts. | cwts. cwts. 
--, $2,412,210, 30,625,680 30,234,895, 32,012,900 
eet 11,155,360, 8,652,500, 10,081,463, 9,470,713 














Wheat (33 weeks to April 16) 
Flour ‘ 





—_— 
= 


-| aporeecene | eee 
, 43,567,570, $9,277,580) 40,316,358; 41,493,618 



































Add week ending April 23—Wheat .. | 962,200, 232,356! 1,480,328) 620,190 

FIOUL s.sseeesseseserseeresesseresseseeeenees! 180,680) om 395,838) 297,77 

Total imports, 34 weeks .......... 44,716,350, 39,657,580, 42,192,524, 42.401.573 

Lous oxgorta—Whest ...... | "Seonee! sakaeel  eenee “evans 

WEE  caiacoass | 90,009 71,860 «87,000 110,000 
Net imports .........c.cse-+++.+++0.} 44,335,850, 39,040,700 41,815,000. 41,631 

Add to this the estimated sales of| ony eee 

home-grown wheat ......... . v...-| 28,126,000, 29,625,000, 37,504,000, 29,810,000 

Thirty-four weeks’ home supplice ....... 67,482,269, 68,505,700, 79,319,000, 71,430,000 
Average price of English wheat, per| cn i we |» qr a 
CO iis cckits Scintig= asses be sce schiaven |; 82 6 8C 11 36 8 39 0 
POT CWE ..recreccrercnerresereseerereees} TT 73 8 5 9 0 

| bushels. | bushels. | bushels. | bushels. 





centres 
= in ewts... 


aes eee 


Visible supply” in U.S. | 48,675,00C 44,550,000, 40,500,000, 24 500,000 
Do do 26,053,000 23,365,000) 21,696,000, 12,980,000 


COMPARATIVE AVERAGES OF GRAIN. 


The following is a Statement showing the Quantities Sold and the Ave 
of British Corn (Imperial Measure), as received from the Inspectors fa a 
of Excise, conformably to the Act of the 27th and 28ih Victoria, cap. 87, in the 
six weeks ended April 23, 1887, and for the corresponding week in each of the 
years from 1886 to 1883 :-— 


— 


Quantitizs Sop, AVERAGE Prices 


OPO LC SEE sett sneer 
-——_—_—_ 














Barley. | Wheat. Barley. Oats. 
1887. qrs bsh; qrs_ bshi rs bsh| 8 d . 

April23 ..{ 44470 5| 10611 8) S087 2 | 82 6 | e3 3 os 
16...) 86,966 1! 15,10 1| 8044 7) 82 8 24 2 15 10 

9...) 46,183 0 | 18008 5 4,367 1 | 32 3 23 11 15 8 

2...) 53,686 7) 29400 3 6,034 1| 33 3 24 4 16 1 
Mar. 26 ...| 42,969 6 38,530 6 8544 2) 83 2 23 2 16 4 
19 41,865 ry 80,162 6) 8975 ‘| $2 11 24 4 16 4 
1886 .....,... | 62,511 6 12,959 5 | 4244 7 3011 | 27 0 19 5 
1885 ........| 55924 0' 10258 2) 4984 6, 36 8 | 82 6 22 9 
1884 .. weo.s-| 52,878 4 16,1838 2) 6503 7) 87 2 81 2 20 0 
1883 ...... 61,021 5 | 211,787 3} 5254 0| 42 0 82 9 21 10 





[April 30, 1887, 


The following account shows the Quantities of certain kinds of agricultural 
uce imported into the United Kingdom in the week ended April “ 
n the corresponding week of 1886 :— sicheremsemen 













7———Quantities.—_ 

1887. 1886, 

Animals anne een bulls, cows, and calves.....number 8,125 6,331 
BO ANG LAID 0. iniicss sicvis segcsrinvaresessnnnes seoneren «99 30,274 23,275 
SINE sia he cnhtlinhastecicaahdlin sansuibisuntihahdibaveesommebessbese . tn 133 250 
Dead meat— Bacon ..................++ stisbaten Owe OREM 35,239 
Beef, salted and fresh ......... siiens’ Ss 13,162 12,756 
BID Gecinres -s indi vibntpnaecendesbuitbebeda os dabisiiiees pp 15,916 10,998 
Meat unenumerated, salted and fresh ............... ‘> 8,602 1,023 
o a preserved .... «a 6,778 4,508 
OO MOONEE Son cas icidecics senosgnesnsne as 80,054 6,333 
Pork, salted (not hams) and fresh.................008 és 6,700 5,789 
Poultry and @aMmeC....00.0.00008000+ se: seresesen ees p>vabegbes 3,761 1,726 
BINED <chiicenisebittng nics cob) heap sie yhvcusisiiodnen .. ewts 1,093 1,197 
| hie era oveccese . ” 29,367 29,805 
Betberke on. ccicce ve vccctsveess dicte’' -96 £2,015 12,556 
Rema Masvssnnsd scotentenspcetbincenssaiacapedanegsaonnstcunediuaediona ‘ 14,967 9,101 
BEG: cnvscseivocnetodes sovends great hundred 146 922 199,501 
TON is nih aldcai cna cas eonnieins<d obemesdelaes onece MON 16,747 6,837 
Vegetables—Onions raw.........secsseserersernees ees «bushels 35,316 44,940 
POO ave cis 5 vised cpeeencévics ace serves . ewts 25,454 14,825 
TFIONIE sive sicicasskcnsinssce cabsossohesedecssevexceseesl. 27,881 11,273 
Corn, grain, meal,and flour—Wheat. ..,...........00.... CWts 968,206 . 232,346 
MTTUUIE icinianchivanssisetisen Mecehinastebeessibetn phansn shosees ‘a 222,411 we 50,287 

ts ; * 134,473 + 238,000 

i 39,618 ... 13,906 

i 30,086 ... 13,064 

BOD Da dincihensieks sas Gh pe hiis one ohn batinnhan nasa eneseneatene, 3% 850,613 =... 509,031 
Wheat meal and flour ..........ccseseeseeees as 180,582 47,655 





THE IRON AND COAL TRADE. 





The pig iron trade has been quiet, but a rather firmer tone has 
prevailed. At Glasgow, the warrant market has hardened, but 
to-dey prices close rather weaker at 41s 6d cash, and 41s 8d one 
month, sellers. Our Middlesbro’ correspondent writes:—‘‘ There 
has been a more cheerful feeling in our pig iron market this week. 
The demand has been chiéfly for storekeepers’ warrants. No. 3, 
which has gone up about Is per ton, viz., from 33s 9d to 34s 9d. 
Makers now, however, are still offering at 33s 9d for prompt. The 
improvement is based chiefly on reports of better inquiries from 
America, especially for steel rails. However, hematite pig an‘ 
other steel-making material have, so far, not followed the improve- 
ment. Owing to the reduced activity in the steel trade, the hematite 
trade of the North-West keeps dull. The demand from all sources 
is quiet, for although orders are still in the market, they do not 
represent any very a bulk of work. There is a dispcsition 
shown on the part of holders of second-hand stocks to clear them 
before prices get even lower than they are at present. Makers are 
comparatively firm in their quotations of 45s to 47s 6d, and special 
brands have readily sold at these figures where parcels have been 
required for early delivery. a. 

“Phe finished iron market continues dull. In the North 
of England, prices are again lower, bars and plates being 
put at 4/ 10s, and angles at 4/ 7s 6d. At Newcastle, iron 
ship plates are delivered to Tyne shipyards at 4/ 12s 6d, and 
angle iron at 4! 7s 6d to 4/ 103, whilst common bars for 
export make 4/ 12s 6d to 4/ 15s. In Lancashire the tendency is 
weaker. The basis of quoted prices remains at about 5/ for bars 
delivered into the Manchester district, but there is an increasing 
disposition, where prompt orders are to be obtained, to come below 
this figure rather than allow them to pass, and 1s 3d to 2s 6d per 
ton less money is taken in some instances. The trade is quiet in 
East Worcestershire, as it also is in South Staffordshire. There 18 
little or no change to note in the South Wales tinplate trade. Cokes 
in the majority of cases have sold at 12s 6d and lZs 9d LC. These 
are rapidly being superseded by Bessemer steels, at generally 1 id 
or so per box more money. Siemens steels have been chiefly inquired 
for at 13s 3d, 13s 6d, and 13s 94 I.C. In charcoals there has been 
little doing. A fair business has been doing in ternes at 12s 9d 
to 13s 9d. , 

The steel trade continues to show less activity, and the market is 
etting weaker. There is still a good trade in steel in the North- 
West, but business is not so active as it has been. Rails are quoted at 
4/ 1s 3d per ton, and at this figure some little business has been done 
in heavy sections of rails. The trade in blooms, bars, and billets 1s, 
however, fairly strong. There has not been much inquiry for steel 
in the North, but work is active in most cases. Rail mills are doing 
fairly, while steel plates are in steady and regular production to 
meet the requrirements of shipbuilding. Steel plates are in good 
request at Newcastle at 6/ 2s 6d to 6/ 5s, and angles at 5/ 12s 6d to 
5115s, In several of the heavy specialties of Sheffield some good 
work has recently been performed. An excellent business col 
tinues to be done in blooms and billets for the States ; in all descrip 
tions of rolling stock for railway, both for home and forcign lines, 
there is full work, several firms being booked forward for two or 
three months. Shipbuilding, on the whole, is better. 

Iron reports as follows on the Continental iron trade. The 
Belgian iron market remains firm, and orders are bockel freely by 
many of the ironworks. Forge pig is scarce, and the advanced 
prices recently declared will probably be maintained for some time 
ahead. Iron plates are in strong demand, but steel plates are much 
less inquired for. Belgian firms constructing railway rolling stock 
have received considerable orders from Italy, and there are also 
large French orders for railway wheels and axles. The Belgian 
exports of iron and steel during the first two months of this year 
amounted to 48,559 tons, compared with 52,882 tons and 36,464 tons 
in the corresponding periods of 1886 and 1885 respectively ; the 
imports, to 12,281 tonsin 1887, against 8,308 tons in 1886 and 14,206 
tons in 1885.—There is no great amount of animation in the French 
iron market, but business is steady, and the general reduction of the 













































——eeeQuuauananqroqnOELEeE—E—E—E—E—E—Ee—e—e—eemeemmme—ee ee SS=SVweRe[‘( 


THE ECONOMIST. 


a 
LL oa eb GRR EED UREA 


ee 
————— 





ooo eeeeeeeooooeeeeeoeoeoeEeEeEeEeeEeeeeeeeeelelelel—— eee 
THE ECONOMIST. 





April 30, 1887. ] 





output causes prices to be firm.—The German iron market continues 
fairly active, and quotations are, on the whole, steady. Pig iron is 
in current demand in Westphalia, and more animated in Silesia, 
Finished iron shows animation in both districts. There is less 
inquiry for steel rails and steel billets. The German production of 
pig iron during the first three months of this year amounted to 
885,818 tons, compared with 854,115 tons in the corresponding 

riod of 1886.—Very little new business is being done in the Bilbao 
iron ore market, but shipments continue heavy. The prices of 
iron ore have receded to about 6s 6d for Rubio, and 6s 9d for 
Campanil. 

The coal trade, as a whole, has been fairly active. In the North 
of England, best Durham steam coal, shipped in Tyne dock, is 
coat 8s 6d, less 2} per cent. discount. Gas coal is unequal, 
although in fairly s y, demand for the time of year. House 
coal is a little more in demand. The South Wales steam coal trade 
is slack, and small steam is down to 4s, and Rhondda No. 3 to 8s 3d. 
On the London market a steady business has been done at the fol- 
lowing prices: — Wallsend Hetton, 17s; Hetton Lyons, 153; 
Lambton, 16s 6d ; Wear, 15s ; East Hartlepool, 16s ; South Durham 
Tees, 15s 6d ; Tees, 17s ; Lambert’s Tanfield, 11s. 





THE COTTON TRADE. 


LIVERPOOL—ApRIL 28. 


Cotton has been in limited demand throughout the week, and, 
after a slight decline, the market to-day is firmer, and quotations 
are about the same as on last Thursday. The Bank rate has this day 
been reduc:d from 24 to 2 per cent. Sea Island has been in moder- 
ate demand at steady prices. In American there has been a limited 
business, and with a dull market prices receded yd per lb, but 
to-day, with an increased demand, the quotations of last Thursday 
are resumed. Brazilian has been in only moderate request, and 
quotations ave generally reduced gd per lb. In Egyptian the sales 
have been limited at unchanged rates. Peruvian is in fair demand 
at previous prices. African is without change. In East Indiana 
limited business has been done, and quotations are partially reduced 
ged to 4d per Ib. 

‘“‘ Futures.”—During the week the tone has been dull, with a 
drooping tendency. To-day, however, the market has been more activa, 
with advancing prices, and the closing quotations are 2-64d to 3-64d 

er lb for the near, and 1-64d per lb for the distant positions above 
ast Thursday’s circular rates. The closing values are—Delivery: 
American, any port, l.m.c., April, 5 40- ; April-May, 5 40-64d ; 
May-June, 5 40-64d ; June-July, 5 42-64d; July-August, 5 44-64d ; 
August-September, 5 46-64d ; September, 5 47-64¢ ; September- 
October, 5 40-64d ; October-November, 5 31-64d per lb. The 
following transaction has taken place in East Indian—Shipment :— 
M. ~ Broach, fine f.g.c., March-April, Suez, 5 5-16d to 5 11-32d 
per Ib. 

The sales of the week amount to 46,000 bales, of which 1,760 
are on speculation, and 4,960 declared for export ; the forwarded 
is 18,480 bales, of which 10,760 are American, 3,620 Brazilian, 760 
Egyptian, 200 Smyrna, and 3,140 bales East Indian, which make 
the takings of the trade 57,760 bales. The increase of stock this 
week is 15,710 bales. 





PRICES CURRENT. 











1 
| ee | 188 | 88 
Description. | |g || 32! ° | e ; | Pee 
33163858881) 3)9/38 13814) 
65 23302 ae | 3 ia lé| 
aeenitian | coutnatinnn  wdanmaney emanate hemsidassees| dae tii! ccmmtnee \ahemgniel pestinneeetqmneneelipemaes oma 
American. (d | d di didi di djdididjidia 
Sea Island... perlb) 9} 11 123,14 (16 (21 | 13 | 14h 17/14 1517 
Florida ditto ......... | gh 10, 104/118 /32 (13 | 21 | 12) 14 | 13h) 14 | 15 
| 16.0. Mid G.M.'M.F.|.G. 0. L.M. G.M.'G.0.'L.MG.M 
one svseseossevnes, 4H) OR ( Ob RE) OF) OR) 49 | 4B) SE, bh 5& 5B 
I nendpseneetdoccncs| ‘veo eee ee ne ee eS ee: eos! fucee, | odes f cee! | -ede 
Texas .... 6) Sa Se! OR, 68) SHE) 48) 5 | 5B, 58) 58) Ba 
Orleans .............' Sas) 59 Ste) Sth 6; 6 || 4B) 5 | 5h! Bee, 5B | 58 
Brazilian. Mid.| M.¥.) Pr. | G.¥.) Gd. Fne.||M.F.( Fr. | Gd. |M.F) Fr.) Gd 
Pernambuco, &6....) ... | Si 58. 5d | we | wwe || 5) BA! 58 OB) 
Dante, B. seeccccssce| one | BR] GR) GER) ccc | ose. |] coe | Sp} ome | one | SB 
Paraiba .. |. | Sa | 6th! Cae es ke | coe | OB | 
Rio Grande ct OS | OR as hohe Onl a Patan 
Bahia, Aracaju, &c one k nen kat bey: He ae need 5h, 54 | 
Maceio............... 5& 58 58) ben th & 53 | Lane | Sie! 
Maranham ........ ) 68 €R ( Gre’ 68 | 6B | 5 | 5S} 5 6a” 
ian—Gallini Led hee | UAT MEL OE GE ee De ant wat 10} 
tto Brown ...... 5 | 6 6%) 78) 78) 8 || 5B) Si) 6h | 5B) 5a) GF 
Ditto White ...... 42) 54 548 64 | 6h | OF!) BE) 58 | Ot 6 
Smyrna, Greek, &.'... | 48 5 | 5t) 55 5h ;) 48) 48) 5 | 53/55 58 
West Indian, &. i} Biased 
Fiji Sea Island ......| .. |. | 10/11/12 [14 || .. | 10 [12 |... | 13) 15 
Tahiti Sea Island... ... | 7 | 7h) TR] SP) Ob | Th) TR) 98) 9 | Mb) 205 
Peruvian—Rough..! ... | oe | Ode) Geel OB. 7 || 5 6 | oo | 7h | 
Ditto Mod Rough ... | 53/58) 64) 68) .. | 5 | Sf) 5) 5¥, OF | 7h 
Ditto Smooth ...|... | Sie 5i}) 543, 61F, 64 | 5 | 5% -. | 6 | 6 
Ditto Sea Island 63 | 74 72) 8 | 8, 93 | S$) 9 |10 | 9$ 10 12 
A oe ast ae a) ET ORY Tn. 4 vee | 5 5% 
cameiiageeens| | oe |e | 8) 8 | 8) | | 4B] |S 
ara Tn'b}) wos | ccs | vee j 4 5 | | eee | see | | see | ove 
Ginned D arwar woo | tee | oe] see | cee | ace. |] oon | SE | Si8) we | 4% 54 
M.Gin’d Broach’... | .. |. |. | Bh] ase | vee | 4G fone | one | 5G 
Dhollerah .......... 34; 34/88 $4) 4% | So 3% 4§ dre fie 58 
Oomrawuttee ...' 3/,) 34, 32 | 4c) 4. 5 || 8h 3h) 4h) dre Ae 4 
Khandeish +e teh eee we ) wee \ 3%) 34 \ 4h coe HH ces j - con. | ree | 0e0 | ese 
Rilatee .............'..| 18H M14 | 4 ee) aon Emmet, eackonm | oes 
Veravul, &c. ...... Sra) Be BH! 44) 4%). || SH Sh! 4B 4 | 42 | OK 
Comptah......0.0..) 215! 3$ 84! 33 | 1 . || 8H 8B) 4h | $i) 4a 4 
Ree) ieee Bl Be Sa) By Sh 1 
Madras —Tinnoviiy. reer ee ie vee {lowe | ORT 48 (44 Of 
Western! ... | .. | 3%! 3H) 49) .. 33.OC«dS 43) 43 


Iuports, Exports, Consumption, &c. 
1887. 1886. 
bales. balee. 
cae from a = widdoasecenn co 0, 7ERGTR. - ceccssstacee, SD 
x rom Jan. Se posted 128,025 70,908 
Stock, April 28 ee eee 
Consumption from Jan. 1 to April 28 .... 
These figures show : 


Anincrease of imports compared with the same date last year of......bales a 


100 068 Fen oes 


; 1,013,460 2 628.260 
1,249,630 ....ececc00. 1,107,990 


increase of tit: consum: fs 
ISienmercdedghegeied en ee ee 
AR TROUORER tee CORTE Onsen sccinvcccisndinccsine: seceseesncdinniens beeiubieheidlideighaal 200 
In speculation there is an increase of 26,000 bales. The imports: 


this week have amounted to 90,393 bales, and the quantity of 
American cotton reported at sea for Great Britain (including cable 
advices to date) ie 68,000 bales, against 169,000 bales at the corre- 
sponding period last year. 





MANCHESTER, Apnit 28. 


We cannot report any improvement in trade during the week. 
The Eastern demand has not improved, and in case a Ind ia shirt 
ings, orders could be placed on distinctly easier terms. Printing 
cloths of the commoner reeds have been pressed for sale, and only 
in finer makes have quotations been maintained. For some of the 
smaller foreign outlets there has continued a fairly steady inquiry, 
but in many directions makers stand in need of orders, and 
frequently manufacturers have sold on terms which were declined 
a week ago. Yarns have moved slowly, and for export transactions 
were quite unimportant for all markets. In Home trade counts 
manufacturers’ wants have been small, and owing to the weakness 
in cotton have seldom purchased beyond immediate wants. On the 
week prices show a substantial decline. To-day the market presents 
a stronger appearance, but although American cotton has advanced 
ved per lb, spinners could obtain no advance on Tuesday's prices, 
_ —_ in yarns and goods sales were of the most restricted 
character. 


(I.) Comparative STaTtEMENT of the Corron Trap.. 


hie] Previous Weeks in 1887 


_APril Brice Price, Price Price, Price 
», | April April| April) Mar. | Mar, 
| 1887. | OB 
hs 











| 1. | 6. | 3h 4. 
wea salscns as wes 
Raw Cotton—Upland middling....... perlb' 0 5§ 0 58 % i 0 
_ tto, good middling ...... BH 00 O5H 0 0 530 5% 
oni Pernambuco fair ........+++++- 0 5% 058) 0 5§ 0 5%) 0 54] 0 5% 
— Ditto, gocd fair........ -/ 063/058 0 5% 0 53:0 06 
Yarns—No. 40 Mule-twist fair,2nd quality.., 0 8§ 0 8} 0 st o 34 0 sti 84 
— No.30Water-twist, ditto }08¢ 0 8$ 0 83 O 8 0 830 3 
26-in, 66 reed, Printer,29 yds 4 Ibs20m. 40 40/4 0 4 0'4 0/4 0 
27-in,72 reed, _—_ ditto Coan 5 ers 5 0 5 0/4105 
é Id End Shirti: ; } | 
eae ae fie 6 9 | 6 104 6 10} 8103 6 1046 9 
40-in, 66 reed, ditto ditto, 8 Ibs 12 ozs......,7 6 7 Th 7 74 7 74:7 THT 6 
40-in, 72 reed, ditto, ditto, 9 lbs Semtenes 8 9 | 8 104) 8 10} § 194) 8 “4 8 9 
Lo oth, } | 
eels eat 3'6 316 3'6 3 6 3/6 ¥ 
(IL) Comparison with Previous YEaRs, 
Price,| Corresponding Week in 
ae . - - 
18b7. | 1886. | 1885, | 1884. 18E3. | 1882, 
aon tpaot ntti. prl 8 418 4 3h 84 3 HS 
—-U d, middling....perib 0 53 0 6 
—— Ditto, good middling ...... (0 BE 0 3§ 05% 06%) 0 4 08 
- Pernambuco fair ............ © 54 @ 5% 0 StF oa © 3306 
jie Ditto, ir aacieeiet © f : 7 % 4 A : of 8 1 
arns—No. 49 Mule-twist,fair,2nd q y i ( 
= eso Weter twist,” ditto © 8/0 8 O 8$ O 930 OF 0 105 
23-in, 66 reed, Printer, 29 yds,4Ibs20zs 4 0 | 4 13 cis 4 144 lg 4 6 
a7in, 72teed, ditto, “Sibezom 5 0 6 0 410) 6 146 0/6 6 
89-in, 60 reed, Gold End Shirtings, 874 te he hes 
8 Ibs 4 ozs oceraraserriccemame ; i$ Fi . ¢ z i ? ihe a 
ed, ditto, ditto, 8 Ibs rZ Uz 6| 
ion, 72 reed, ditt, ditto, 9 Ibs 5 oe |8 9 (8 He Ole HO s/8 8 
: reed 1D oth, 36 E 
Sea. mikaaenaoned 6 3 '5 75 ThG O 51% 6 6 





EE 


THE WOOL TRADE, 





The market for English wool still continues flat in tone, but there 
is no pressure to a gm prices keepsteady, though where any sales 
are made, a little less money is taken. 

In regard to the Antwerp sales of River Plate wools, Messrs H, 
Schwartze and Co. report :—The sales commenced yesterday, with a 
large attendance of buyers, but a reserved tone ; and of 2,114 bales 
offered, only 626 bales were sold. The selection was 4 poor one, 
consisting of medium and inferior wools, for which prices ruled 4d 
per lb lower than in the January series, or about on a par with 
those lately obtained by private treaty. Lambs were quite neglected. 
We quote a short average: Buenos Ayres, first of 30 per cent. 
yield, at 53d to 6d per Ib, and a good average combing firstof 35 
per cent. yield, at 74 to 7}d per Ib. The sales will last till the 


5th of May, and will comprise 18,000 bales. 4 


een CCC 


ED 

















i 


eee ee a ae 


Poop re eens 


ppoens 


perenne 


| 
- 
i 
i 
PI 
: 
t 
i 
of 






Ta a a oes 





| 
| 
+ 


Cea Ne 











; 570 














— ~ The following particulars respecting the current series of colonial 

ee: wool sales have best supplied to us by the oiing brokers i— 

‘i . Sold to 1d to Total 
Shi. Date of Home Buyers. Foreign Buyers Sold. 
aa ote Sale. Bales, Bales. 

ay March 22-C. Balme and Co, .......-ccsssseee  1)523 seeseres » BBB ncinerre 3004 

a » 22 Jacomb, Son, and Co. ........:6. 2,200 sreceveee 2. aiiiiniesiy DO 
m 28 C. Balme and Oo, cesccceessorceeese 1,568 sevoavane 2,136. .... 8,700 
» 23 Jacomb, Son, jand Co. ........... 2,700 SID. sev ecesss 5,550 
» 24 H. Schwartze and Co, .........00 4,750 BECO > vovccccee 10,560 
: » 25 Edenborough and Co. ............ 2,700 2,600 . 5,300 
e » 25 H. P. Hughes and Son ... i ee 1,600 8,470 
- » 26 Buxton, Ronald, and Co. CAG » -crcceces 8,6°0 5,850 
7 » 28 H. P. Hughes and Son ............ ~— BDAD cover ses 4,590 
eS » 23 Edenborough and Co, ..........0 ace 8,000 5,300 
i » 29 C. Balme and Co. .......c..cscsseee 4,062 .... CREB ciceses.. 10,400 
ce » 30. Jacomb, Son, and Co. 4.......... 4,500 4,800 
Bi 31 Buxton, Ronald and Co, ......... 1,900 ....++ ED. atieostien 3,750 
: » $1 Willans and Overbury............ 2,405 ......... 2 200 4,605 
$ » 81 Buxton, Ronald,and Co. ...... 1 i 3,750 
Di April 2 C. Balme and Co. ..........+-000 2,496 sone = B,547 6,043 
2 . 2 H. Irwell and Co. .........cccecveee By im Se 7,260 
BS »  # H, Schwartze and Co. ........,... STOP besskoneh 7,350 10,€50 
+, “- G Wimtalee Oil Ce. ©... cccsiincecsccens | BBR} cers 462 . 644 
oi » 8 Edenborough and Co. ............ 1,600 8,900 . 5,500 
B a. 5 H. P, Hughes and Son............. 2,380 . NE. ucseseinn 4,740 
re = 6 Jacomb, Son, and Co. ..... 8,500 .....2..+ 5,900 
aa @ 6 C. Balme Ds ewes: deevcveevede 2389 2,07 4,364 

oe » 18 dacomb, Son and Co, .. .......0 2,500 5,700 
ade » 18 C. Balme and Co. ...........000000 2, 8,045 300 
at Rae » 14 H. Schwartze and Co. ............ 2,700 .......0 BING. ciccviore 6,800 
Bye? » 14 Buxton, Ronald, and Co............ 31 ER 4,550 

‘ » 25 C. Balme and Co. ...........ccc000. SphED  ap.ceoeee 6,420 . 9,570 

+ » 26 Irwell and Co. ................ A Sconcsess oS 3,300 
z +» 16 Willans and Overbury . 2/887 BAGO <ciissis. 4,487 
* » 16 H. Tewell and Co, .............00. 1,406. 1A%7 23 


16 C. Balme and Co. ... ........ 





» 18 Jacomb, Son, and Co. ........ 
» 10 Windeler and Co. ..............00. 
+ » 19 Jacomb, Son, and Co. ... 
* F » 19 H. P. Hughes and Co .. 
s ; » 20 Willans and Overbury . en 
gee » 20 C. Balme and C>. ............00..., POS. stasivee 6,140. 10,000 
» 21 Thomas and Cook.......00..0....  @BO  ....0006 . 762 ),202 
Fs py BE Fp Hamre O10 CO, ceceee.cssarnonvee 1,178 ‘ WORE icccins 2,148 
» 22 H. P. Hughes and Son ......... BRAD operon SIT 000 wane 6,200 
: » 23 H. Schwartze and Co. ............ FERED cexviseee SRT vevcevens 5,150 
+» 23 Jacomb, Son, and Co............ 1,000 ou». BBO. rivcocsen 1,800 
i »» 26 Buxton, Ronald,andCo, ...... 1,850 ........ BOD evivrevee 3,350 


Our Bradford correspondent writes:—During the past week 
business here has been very quiet, and even somewhat depressed. 
Consumers of English wool are taking almost no new orders, and 
go but little into the market to buy. No one appears willing to 
anticipate his requirements. Staplers are reluctant to part with 
their remaining stocks—which are now in easy compass—and do 
not press sales, Prices have a drooping tendency, and have. been 
quoted at a fraction lower within the last week or so. Botany tops, 
BS although cheaper, probably, in Bradford than anywhere else, are 
‘ not easy to sell. Spinners are beginning to run out of orders, and 

find it difficult to get renewals. They show a disposition to mect 
the buyer in prices ; but new business is very scanty. The caution 
: shown by exporters is increased by the difficulty which has arisen 
ye a, on the French frontier. Mohair yarns are very depressed, and 

; spinners of Botany yarns find it difficult to keep their machiner 

employed. In the stuff trade, also business is dragging, and small 
purchases only are made for home trade. The foreign and American 
markets are taking very little. 





LEATHER TRADE. 


Business in leather during the week has been rather more active, 
but the demand is chiefly for small 





ret 


i be accepted. The stocks of goods on hand are about adequate to 
Pn the wants of the trade. 





_— 


JUTE, HEMP, AND FLAX TRADES, 


Since the business in new crop reported last week, there has not 
been much demand, and jute goods in Dundee remain dull. The 
Caleutta market is firmer. Sailings during the month to date, 
10,250 tons. The business here has included 1,000 bales RB 2, in 
mes. dock, at 12/ 5s. 

3 Messrs Geo. Armitstead and Co., Dundee, report :—‘‘ Our trade 
a continues in much the same state as for some weeks past. The 

ee improvement felt throughout all branches in the early part of the 

pra) year has, unfortunately, not been maintained, but there is still a 

: moderate volume of business passing ; and while prices for manu- 
factured goods are low, raw material also remains at a very low 
range. 

“The flax market continues to display little animation. Spot 
goods are in limited request, and only trifling lots of common and 
medium quality change hands, at about recent prices. The impor- 
tation to date for the season has been vomsendhy large ; but after 
the Pernau shipments come forward, the arrivals will begin to 





fall off." 

Manila hemp is rather better, about 2,500 bales having sold, to 

eI —- the bulk at 27/ 15s, April to June shipment, c. f. and i., fair 
quality. 





COLONIAL AND FOREIGN PRODUCE MARKETS. 
For Rerort oF Tu1s Day’s MARKets sex “ Postscript,” 
Munome Lang, Fripay 
Sucar.—Several floating Java have sold, the importers 
accepting current low rates; but the market generally lacks ani- 
mation, and the business in Cane has been of limited extent. 








THE ECONOMIST. 


re reels, for which late prices 
a are generallyjobtained, but for larger lots slightly lower rates might 


ee 


[April 30, 1887, 


ee 
Refined does not show aay improvement under the pressure of 
—— goods, including sh F 
steady i 


































‘ ents from America and Russia, A 
inquiry has prevailed for beet, chiefly speculative. Quota. 


new crop at present rates. e bounty question appears as uncer. 
tain as ever, so that unless the crop prospects are unfavourable 
prices of sugar will probably remain low, or very moderate. At 
the publie sales, crystallised West India went at 14s to 16s 6d for 


for syrups. Low brown descriptions are firm. 


Imports and Dstiiverizs of Svear in London to April 73, with Srocks. 


1887. 1886. 1885 1884. 
Im 4... -tons 92,300 ... 112,800 ... 109,100 ... 133,400 
WORE... 00..c0creveresenenes 92,800 ... $5,C00 ... 108,900 ... 115,600 
ME ccctsceccecccssssvecessvece 70,0°O - 1. L1G 500 ... 00,820 ... 108,670 
Stock, U.K. ....0..0000 tons 241,800 ... 307,400 ... 299,700 ... 272,770 
J «per owt ~ 9/3 ... 10/011,0.., 9/3 9/6 ... 9.0 10/0 
Good brown West India., 10/6 11/ .. 13/0 12/0 12/6 .., 18/0 13/6 
Orystallised Demerara .. 14/617/6 .. 16/0 ,.. 16/0 19/6... 21,0246 
Beet, 88 percent. f.0.b....1/7$119..  138/d ...12/10h13/0.. 14/15 


Fine French loaves.f.o.b...14/10) 15/3... 17/9 18 0 ... 17/6 17/9 .., 21/6 22/ 
Java afloat Nos. 15 to 16 13,7} 13/104 16/0 16/6... 15/6 16/0... 17/6 


Jaggery.-- -1,500 tons sold, to arrive, part at 93 9d for Cane, landed 
terms. 

Natal.—1,200 bags concrete have sold at 9s 9d. 

Floating Cargoes.—Four of Java at 13s 74d, for London and 
Liverpool ; one of 1,097 tons at 13s 9d, Clyde ; one of second run- 
nings. 3,658 baskets at lls 94, London. Two of Trinidad usine, 
aa 3,200 bags, at 14s 6d, for the Baltic. 

Beet Sugar.—During the week prices have hardened, but are now 
easier. German, May-June, lls 74d to lls 9d per ewt,f.o.b, The 
market is rather quiet. 

Refined.—F orei, 
American granulated have been large. 
15s 6d, f.o.b. Russian crystals, 138 9d, to arrive in Bristol. Foreign 
loaves, 15s, f.o.b. In the London market prices continue de- 


in moderate demand here, but a good business done in the Clyde. 
Rom.—The market for West India has been steady, and 300 


and other kinds nominally unaltered. 


most recent return had increased to 45,500 bags. At the public sales 
on Tuesday the supply was comparatively light, including 841 bays 
Trinidad, the bulk of which being held for higher prices was taken 


dark mixed to fair greyish ~~ Fine marks have sold at 88s to 
90s by private contract. 140 bags Guayaquil in the public sales 
were held above the value. 433 bags other foreign bought in. 
Advanced rates paid for Guayaquil by private contract. Fine Ariba 
80s per cwt. 

Correr.—The upward movement in quotations of Brazil has pro- 
gressed, but received a check on Wednesday on account of a decline 
in Havre, of about 4f, sincepartly recovered. Good average Santos has 
sold at 78s, c. and f. The crop advices, 1887-8, now generally point 
to a total of 34 to 32 million bags. At the public sales yesterday, 
there was a large supply, but the demand being good, East 
India _ descriptions salt at the highest point, also fine Ceylon. 
Costa Rica went with irregularity. At auction 515 casks 106 barrels 
114 casks Ceylon found buyers: low middling to middling, 90s to 
94s 6d ; middling colory to good middling, 95s to 99s ; bold, accord- 
ing to quality, 97s to 108s. 210 bags Liberian brought 77s fd to 
$3s, 432 cases 3,598 bags East India included Coorg at 90s to 98s 6d 
for pale to good middling ; bold, 101s 6d to 106s. Mysore : Coorg 
kinds, bold, 99s 6d to 112s; medium, 95s 6d to 105s according to 
quality ; pale Peermade, &c., 87s to 973 6d. 50 bags colory Java, 
83s. 117 half-bales Mocha were bought in above the value. 1 cask 
283 barrels 254 bags Jamaica sold at 83s 6d to 87s 6d for ordinary 
mixed to fine ordinary greenish, and 91s 6d to 94s for greyish and 
low middling, 10,444 bags foreign: Costa Rica, pale to middling, 
at 86s 6d to 94s 6d; good middling to fine colory, 93s to 96s. 
Guatimala, low to good ordinary foxy, 83s to 85s 6d; fine ordinary 
greenish to middling, 86s to 91s 6d ; fine, 92s to 96s ; New Granada, 
93s to 100s. A large business has been done in Rio at higher 
rates, and 78s paid for gcod average Santos, c. and f. In Havre good 
average Santos has during the wee ranged from 98#f to 943f June, 
core price being on Monday. This morning it is about 961 
0 ; 


turorrs and De.iveries of Corres to April 23, with Stocks on hand. 


1887. 1886. 1885. 1884. 
Tmported ocsscocecees.erceeeseee tON8 15,160 .. 14,°BO ... 13,350 ... 16,700 
vered for home consumpn. 3,670 ... 4,070 ... 4,440 .. 4,180 

” os OXPort.........0 8,760 ... 6,210 . 7,490 ... 10,590 
TIONS. sncsnbsnsentonn estas ven rs choneonaes 10,550 .., 13,060 ... 12,030 ... 21,680 
Mid. Plantation Ceylon per owt 94/ 97; ... 62/ 67/ ... 58/ 62/ ... 62/ 65/ 


Delivered last week 940 tons, against 851 tons in 1886, and 1,016 tons in the same 
week of 1885. 


Tea.—A quiet tone pervades the China tea market, with 
depressed but not further reduced quotations, and the business 
privately is of limited extent. At auction the supply has amounted 
to 17,439 packages, and low common congou has sold at 5d to 54d 
rib. 4,876 packages Ceylon sold with irregularity, excepting 
or the better aaa Medium to fine Indian growths meet with 
strong competition at full to higher rates, the inferior being very 
low and unsettled. The supply at auction this week has amounted 
to 20,170 packages, 1,482 packages Java ranged from 54d to 94d, 
and fine pekoe sold up to 1s 43d per lb. 3 ; 
Ricx.—The market is steady, but without activity. This week's 
business has included a cargo of 1,800 tons Rangoon, at 6s 734 fer 
the Continent, one Ngatsein per steamer, due, at about 6s 9d London, 


eee eesalsesanerrasanmassaesnianmeamnnnnmeneomennr nnn nee ere emcee 


tions, at one time rather higher, are now easy, with sellers of the | 


Demerara ; 14s 34 to 14s 6d Trinidad ; and 11s 6d to 14s per cwt | 


productions are plentiful, and shipments of | 
Present value, 15s to | 


ressed : cubes, 16s 9d to 19s; titlers, 17s ; cut loaf, 17s 6d. Pieces | 


puncheons Jamaica have sold at last week’s quotations. Demerara | 


Cocoa.—Arrivals are large, and the stock of West India by the | 


in, A oe sold at some advance: ordinary to middling, 77s to | 
80s. 105 bags Grenada, went at 64s Gd to 7ls 6d. 297 bags 12 | 
cases Ceylon realised a further advance, chiefly at 76s to 83s 6d for | 








eT 






















April 30, 1887.] 


and one of 2,000 to 2,500 tons Necrancie at 6s 44d, quay terms, 
Liverpool. Exports from Burmese ports to Europe to 23rd April, 
458,000 tons, against 457,400 tons last year, and 403,700 tons in 1885. 

Saco has declined about 3d. 239 bags good small sold by 
auction, “ without reserve,” at 10s 3d. 1,415 bags were bought in at 
10s to 10s 6d. 79 bags fine —_ realised 14s 6d per cwt. 

Tapioca is dull, and 1,255 bags flake at auction were chiefly 
bought in. A few lots of Singapore realised 2§d. 939 bags part 
sold at 308 for bullet, with some good seed at 20s 6d to 21s per 
ewt. The former was yo but the latter was lower in price. 

Tapioca FLOUR.—283 bags Singapore were bought in at 16s 6d to 
17s, and 140 bags Penang at 19s 6d per cwt. 

BLack PerreR.—Singapore has sold to arrive distant, at 74,4 to 
744. A quiet market on the spot. 509 bags at public sale were 
bought in at 74d to 7§d, and the bulk of 420 Ties Penang at 6}d to 
63d for low ; one lot sifted realised 74d. 100 bags Trang part sold 
at 7d, 400 bags Aleppy withdrawn at 7§d per Ib. 

Waitt Perrer is in limited demand. 737 bags Singapzre by 
auction were ~~ in at 1s Ohd to 1s 03d. 109 Ties Bona at 
113d. 59 bags Java sold at 10§d to 10§d per Ib for rather dark 
limed, 25 tons sold, to arrive, at 108d. 

Normecs.—A few small cels by auction have partly found 
buyers at unaltered rates, viz., 7 cases 10 boxes Batavia, 125’s, 
1s lld; slight mouldy, 1s 8d tols9d. 106 boxes small brown 
Singapore part sold at 2s 6d per lb for 79’s. 

ACE. —4 cases — Penang brought 2s 7d for slight mouldy. 11 
cases old import sold ‘‘ without reserve ” at 2s 1d to 2s 3d per lb for 
low to middling, being cheaper. 

CLoves.—251 bales Zanibar partly found buyers at 108d to 103d 
for ordinary and mixed per Ib. 

Cinnamon.—At the weekly sales 26 bales Ceylon sold at 6d to 
8d per lb for foxy 4th to Ist sorts. 

Cassia LigneA.—594 boxes by auction were chiefly bought in. 

GINGER.—At the sales prices of Cochin were in favour of the 
buyers. 320 cases 329 bags, &c., partly sold; low small and 
rough, 23s 6d to 248; middling to fair rough, 27s to 30s ; medium 
and bold washed, 403 to 48s ; cut and part cut, small, 38s to 38s 6d ; 
medium, 54s to 56s ; bold, 8ls to 84s. 781 barrels Jamaica about 
half found buyers : low and ordinary, 38s to 45s ; small to fair, 49s 
to 66s per cwt. 

PIMENTo easier, and the market dull. Of 3,432 bags by auction, 
about half found buyers at 2d to 2gd per Ib. 

Fruit.—The market for curr ants gains strength, and a good deal 
of business has been done during the week. Valencia raisins steady, 
= ag advance. Eleme indemand. Sultanas do not sell at all 
reely, 

SALTPETRE continues nominally unaltered. 

Nirrate Scpa.—The price is now about lls 6d, owing to an 
arrival, Liverpool steady, at 11s 6d to 11s 9d. 

SHELLAC remains dull, and there has been a heavy fall on Ist 
orange, viz.. 3s to4s. Other kinds easier. 722 chests, by auction, 
about one fourth part seld. The former went at 52s to 53s for 
good unworked, Calcutta weights. 200 chests second orange sold, 
to arrive, at 50s per cwt, c. f. andi. 

OTHER DrysaLtery Goops.—Lower rates have been accepted for 
gambier. 150 tons sold, to arrive, latterly at 203 9d April to May 
shipment, 50 tons on the spot at 21s 9d to 21s 104d. At auction, 
1,510 boxes cutch were bought in from 25s to 30s. The supply of 

| other articles was too small to affect prices. 

Inpico.—The business has been unimportant since the last sales 

concluded, 








THE ECONOMIST. 


571 


Devas.—Aloes steady. Balsam peru extremely quiet. Bark, in 
public sale last Tuesday 720 packages South American and 2,650 

ckages East Indian cinchona were sold at rather firmer prices. 

owrie a shade dearer. Ipecacuanha still very scarce. Musk and 
rhubarb quiet. Oil of aniseed continues to advance. Opium, 
Small sales. 
_ CHEMIcALs.— Sodas continue steady, and a fair business passing 
in bi-carb. Tartaric acid quiet. The larger operations in citric 
last week have been followed by an advance as quoted. Oxalic 
acid quiet. Bleaching powder meets a good demand. Sulphate 
ammonia inactive, and rather easier to-day. Quinine remains dull. 

Hrpes.—At public sale East India hides went at previous rates to 
4d under. China and Japan steady. No alteration in buffalo hides. 
_ Merats.—Although the Glasgow returns do not show any 
improvement in the statistical position of pig iron, there has been a 
reaction in the market, with sales up to 4ls 7d, cash. The stock in 
store, according to the latest return, was 863,427 tons, with 89 
furnaces in blast, against 97 in 1886, this week's shipment bein: 
6,969 tons. In Middlesbro’ there is less depression. Im 
tin, although firmer, has been rather unsettled. Banca in Holland 
62fl. A fair business has been done in Chili copper at 3917s 6a 
to 391 10s, cash. Spelter firm at the late slight advances. 
dull. Spanish, 12/ 5s, Thei mporters’ price of quicksilver 
remains 7/. 

To-pay’s Quorarions, also in the THrEz Previous Years at same date. 
1887. 1386 1885, 


cs Per Ton. Per Ton. Per Ton. 
Ch'li cop.,g.o.b. csh 391 5 897 10/ ... 411 7/6 411 10/ . 430 26 4315/ 
Straits tin, cash 1027 12/6 1022 15/ ... 941 7/6 941 10 80% 882 10/ 


Scotch pigiron, cash 41/6 41/3 38/73 
Silesian spelter ... 1412/6 14 141 5/ 
Englishlead 127 10/ 132 10/ 181 15,0 
LuysEEpD. —Sales of fair extent* have been made in Calcutta to 
arrive, and quotations are more steady. Seed, ex ship and near, 
37s 3d to 37s 6d; Aprilto June shipment, via Cape, sold at 373 6d 
to 37s 9d. In Hull, Palcutta, May-July, sold at 37s 6d to 378 9d ; 
Bombay, on passage, 38s 9d; on the spot, 38s 6d. There are sellers 
of La Plata, spring shipment, at 36s 6d, but 36: accepted for one 
cargo, per sailer. A large quantity of Azov, spring and summer 
shipment, sold at 36s 6d, c.f. andi., Amsterdam. Arrivals from the 
East Indies are of good extent. Calcutta shipments light. 

O1Ls.—There has not been any new feature to note on the markets. 
Linseed js rather firmer at 20/ 10s ; May-August, 20/ 10s to 20/ 12s 6d; 
last few months, 20/. Hull, usual packages, 20/ 2s 6d. Exports 
from the latter since Ist January, 2,596 tons, against 3,502 tons in 
1836. English brown rape firmer, after a decline to 20/, caused 
the pressure. Cocoa-nut remains depressed. Cochin, 32/ to 35; 
Ceylon, 24/ to 24/ 10s. Olive dull. Mogadore sold at 30/ 10s. 
No sales reported in sperm. 

PerroLeum Ow remains at 5,4,d to 5gd; last four months, 54d 
to 5ad. Russian quoted about 5d. Prices have scarcely varied 
during the week, and the market is now inactive. 

Sprrits TURPENTINE firmer. American, 28s 3d to 28s 6d; June, 


27s 6d to 27s 9d. Stock small, by comparison with last year. 


POSTSCRIPT. Fripay Evenine. 
Sucar.—A cargo of Java, 1,017 tons, sold at 13s 10}d for the 
Continent. At the public sales crystallised Trinidad went easier. 
Correr.—The sales went at about the highest point of the week. 
262 casks 68 barrels 70 bags Ceylon found buyers. 71 half-bales 
Mocha bought in, 1,432 bags foreign included fine Honduras up to 
110s 6d, and La Guayra at 98s. 
Continued on page 578. 


. 419 41/9} 
... 130 12/6 13017/6 
110 5/ 















































FIC RETURNS. 





























| | 
| Revenue past Half- Dividend ' S 
Capital | Your. Cent. per An. | x | ae Cost 5 | 5 | Aeeresate | Miles 
Exp'nded | : —_ | s | Ege re 3 per |5'3| 2 | Receipte of Halt: | Opes 
exLeased Uren |, Work: | Ist | 2nd = Nameof Railway. | a | 3 he : iS a 
st me ro rane | 3 be ldial gf | GE) an 
- | penses. | ee] 3 | 2 ges Es 
| ceipts, | P | 1886 1886 | es aad 28 a i 14] 1887. 
aunts aot i i amma LASS | | ee | 
ae be ee ee £ %| 2% liss7; #2 | &@} &| @ aiszis| 8 
1,014,287' 47497 20,136! 16,045 6& | 6 Belfasband County Down Apl.22 1,808 452). 1.760 1,378, 14,916) 26 51}, 22,223, 2,661) 68 
4/106,564, 92.654 47.193] 43,680 2 | 2 Belfast &Nrthn. Counties; 22) 1,518, 1,908; 3,726 3,713) 15,504 24 79%) = 
39,980,770 1,420'091 684,103) 546,633 3} | 3% Caledonian ..............| 24, 16,036, 88,451 55,387) 53,195) 51,244; 71 984, 624,190 
4,620,693 100,170, 54,177! 39,473, nil. | mil. Cambrian 00000) | 24) 1,406, 16719) 3,125) 3,015) 25,888) 17) 7) £,Rel 
6,235,254 226,205 106,566) 94,4651) 2 | 2 FUPMes® oceeccscscceeeenee| 24 1,303; 7,051, 8.444, 8,001, er 61; 974} 131,008 
13,203,534 549,102 273,376) 188,185, 4 | 33 “Glasgow & Sth.-Western| 23 7,941 13,303, 21,244 21,035; —— 61/100 | 244.658 
41,877,303 1,989,794 1,083,423) 720,608 } | 8} Groat Easterm .............) 24) 30,653 28,952, 59,605, 68,556 rise 57) 074, osama 
35,960,411 2,044,6701,132,128) 654,481 3 | 6% Great Northern............... | 24) 2,775) 45,473, 72248, 7 14976 75.13 | — 963 
7,293,386) 346,933 '186,109| $1,469 4 | 4} Great Northern (Ireland)} 2 6.387; 5,791, 12,178) 11,197) B4,806) 25.108 | Meat) & 
6,205,674, 165,962, 82,934 78,197 1 | 1. |*Great North of Scotland) 23,2121 8,372 5,603, 6,000) 14, ae ee ee 
8,258,297, 888,016 2007183} 68,673 4 | 4} (Gt. Southrn.é& Westrn.(I.)} 2 6950 6,959, 13,889, 1 039) aot See) oe — 
74 472,857 4,041,461 1,911,915|1,474,160, 4 | 6f Great Westerm .........0... 24) 67,100; 81,820, 148,020; 145,180) 50,881) 61/188 | oA eee ase een! 
42,001,061! 1,991,299,1,091,840| 579,282 3 4 Lancashire & Yorkshire) 24 24,743 46,003, 69,541 ee 52778! bo mor aia 308: *agL747\ 1,830 1.817 
06,653,787 5,423°396 2.775,423|1,895,087 5} | 7 London & North-Western| 24, 62,404, 116,358; 185,763 187.703) BS.i7S) 100 188 | ae aol 450] 450 
28,618,776 1,186,161, 494,781} 801,066 2} | 8 Lon., Brightn.,&S.Coast| 23, 30,378, 10,872, 41,250, 45,803) BA,20) 0108 | pa 7G 170. 968 
80,162,331 1,687'202, 840,790 788,048 84 | 6; London & South-Western} 24) 33,548) 18,592 57,140, 59,512) 85,403) G7 120), SOLER TAT) OSS | a 
27,048/886 "713,016 849/208} 344,105 nil. | nil. London,Chatham,& Dover) 24 17,492, 4,062, 22,454) 26,443 150,88) 125) 94 | StaA08)  Sow.stt) HES my 
2,445,218, 108.171, 47291; 19;683, 3 | 8  Lon.,Tilbury,& Southend) 24, 2083, 928) 3,011, 8-304) AG,088) 401g) ed sia7do| 8875) 287 
26,427,687 1,036,892, 492,875, 497,569 nil | 4 Man., Sheffield, & . a “st 78) ~ aT asl 116) 20,787 Tay 32,506 anf 413) 41 
17488) 61,843, 22.650] 1811, 6 | 7 MaryportandOaelisle.....| 94/455, U"" 9's05 ssl aaa 193113 | 201443; 200,401) 214) 2h 
1,078,174 831,682) 184,161, 123,002 4 4} (Metropolitan ..........0..0000 oa 7'280. 7/253) 380,628 560, 42). 127374 123,201) 18 13 
7,548,170 220,112, 97,228 119,546, nil. | nil, Metropolitem District ......| 71) s"195) g5°5s1' 194623 145,251) 68,641) 97 1254, 2,250,742 2,253,451) 1,2843/1,2814 
81,747,800 3,756,826 1,938,352/1,095,260 4 | 5 Midland sx... .c.seeserooe rarer x4, 42,002) 82,581; 124,625 145,251) 63,082) 97 1°54) *Tox7ao| 1212061 ‘S771 S70 
4,319,001 '223'974, 110/496] 66.606 8} | 8% Midland Gt. Western (7.)) 22, 3,737, 4,902 8,638; 8.307) 12,782) 23 77g) roe 566,243) 1,035) 1,008 
85,119,642 1,334,069 634.703} 612.460 2 | 4 (*North British ............| 24) 17.902) 23,760) aera steeent ee 63 188i! 1.668371. 1,632 734|1°587 1137 
58,507,992 3,117,189/1,637,777| 783.831 4} | 6} North-Eastern ............... 28, 29,607) ae 720| 8400. eos 727185), 134,933 "133563 «12'| | «13 
4,002,638, 241,682) 111,804; 58,964 74 | 74 North London .............. 24) 5,842 eae toa ; oe 193 
1,933, 500, N. Staffordshire—Raii.)) 94/ %251, 6,783, 10,034, 11, we ib} 95} 206,053 200,519; { ed 
933,500, 898,966) 1£0,174; 112,105| 8 | 4 { Canal tn ne 1,891) 171) .. |... U9 | 
£.<ss.e08| ¢3,0711 sous] grees! 19 | 8 (Bayener noc] | | Seem Sem aiaes seize) | cesee SO zen St SEs 
22,597,816 1,194,909, 520,915| 840,653 8} | 7 th-Eastern .. “| 93 95,678 11,473) £7,151, 43,880) 65,6385 Sone ee ee 
8,370,989, ‘372312, | BEG5O Lf | LL) Tall Vale seccccsccccece secscecee] 22m |e ca a — r Win S e 
i | | | j 


| | 
From (1st Feb ruary. 





























ES EG NS 





. ~—— 


anesthe ante in 
nine imentetaheeem nanan ee 














Fe een oe Be. he ome ae 






































a 


Ss ae ee 


Fae 


oe nome 


meh 


ra reeeteasi 


orpetire * 


eee eee eae ee eet 


Soe Sa crane TES NPR EE Toe NE 








a eee 1 OE Sane ee eae iene ee ET ae 


































sultan tiie te coe t. 


Logwood, Camp eachy... » 610 









OCUMMEKUIAL TIMES 
WEEKLY PRICE CURRENT. 


a eg in the following litt 
Friday, assisted by an 
evartraen 


LONDON, Friary. 
Arrow Root—perlb sd s a 
Sonnet: oe to fine 0 1h 0 4 
1d per It s . a% 
Trinidad ied aver . owe 72 
Mid. to finest canenonen 8 95 0 
renada . -a CT 9 
Ceylon, mid. ‘to fine... 70 0 90 0 
Guayaquil mone ihiivicincdts 70 9 80 0 
Surinam ..,....cccccrererrees 65 0 75 0 
CAFACAG oo. ceccssseseeersereee 85 0 95 0 
1)d per 
Ce: i pr 00 0 82 0 
iddling to fine ......... 93 @110 6 
ative, good ‘- 2 Sint . 
plan ooo 0 115 
aoe gs = 0 — 0 
ysore, medium to bold. ss 0135 0 
Manila, fairIndan ....... 00 0 0 
, Picked oie. S es 
Mocha, mixed to fine ...... 92 0 98 0 
Jomnlce, ondy to fine ond 82 0 88 0 
to fine ... 90 0110 0 
Costa Rica, mid. to fine ... = 0 38 0 
Serie einesetiners 0 385 0 
Central American, &.... o 88 0 
Good to finest............. 3 0105 9 
—, Rio, Steamer lots 
Good firsttolowsuperior 78 0 %1 0 
Fair to good channel ...75 0 77 0 
Sree chaise $8 § 
r.to channel 7 
Good Average Santos 7 76 0 77 0 
Cotton—See Weekly Report. 
sd=«ad 
Acid, citric............ Ib 18 00 
Nitric ...... cic. 0 8} 0 Of 
CO idciica stir Oe OS 
eee oo 1 1 63 
Sulphuric om « 0 0 
Alum, lump & ground p t £510/ £8 0 
Ammonia, carbonate. plb 0 4 0 0 
Muriate............per ton £24 0 £98 0 
8ul casnsrouis eiten OER, Oe .2a- © 
Arsenic, lump......per cwt 21 0 23 0 
Powder .. ‘ine ae OS TES 
sn re. rewt?s 0 0 0 
Pearl do Oo ww 49 0 0 0 
Brimstone, Roll............. 8 0 9 0 
Bleaching Eovaer person £8 15 9 0 
Borax, » refi » 229 0 80 0 
Cream > svoad0 0128 0 
Calomel Mok 0.00 
i338 
0 9 
60 0 
0 6 
00 
0 (0 
£1015 
ec 0 
0 (0 
86 0 
0 0 
0 0 
— 15 £5 15 
Ash pt care 143 0 1} 
8 lead, whi on 23 6 24 0 
oa o se oesss 31 0 24 O 
uinine— 
Delish in in bottle.. pres 2628 
Pelletier’s, ditto ... 22 00 
GOTTAAE ce. cssiscscscovecess 1:10 1 12 
8 » Copper. -prton £14 0 00 
me. eee neas 9 090 
Sulphur ‘flour .. 5 10 0 
Vermillion, English... .p ib 2 4 00 
Coals—per ton 
Wallsend, best ...........0. 16 6 17 0 
Cochineal— 
Pon eee Ss 
Black . cesccssecescccscss 2 2 2 6 
dines, Sine BS. mentee 0160 0 
Cape, veverse 26 0 29 0 
Anni oe. 72 6 7 0 
Balsam Peru vceeeeper Ib 4 6 4 9 
GEIE in cen sdcdcrictereenais 10° 21% 
COMERS nrccocorsceers 1 6 8B 6 
EL &.,renewed, — 19 86 
do <>. $53 328.56 
Ganges. Oe er oi 4 0 6 0 
26 8 6 
wedaee eek 7000 
Cc ww @ 33 0-3 
Gum, Benjm. Sum2dspowtl10 0 230 0 
Oli ee ee ee 
tgecuoate ecrensosee 60 0 65 0 
dbbens diese ens 6 00 
en piepeeen 7 00 
M e Tonquin . poz 75 0 90 0 
per Ib 29 00 
eesescscosssccsscennn 2 &£ O O 
t, 169 00 
oral y fine.........16 0 18 0 
Se tertyen” S2 tS 
evely ose 3 
Other E. I. low to 3 04 
Dye Stuffs, &c.— 
G Se rn 0 60 0 
Saffiower, Rengl.gi.tofine 4 0 615 
Turmeric, Be mnose an: Ota. 8 
Gambier, block .............. 21 9 22 0 
Cutch, good to fine ......... 27 6 35 O 
prewreete—— 2s £s 
citings per on 7 0 40 0 
Fustic, Jamaica Manin nee. “2 
Ouba............. jtnmomm © 8 Oe 
Uima Waod............ we 815 10 0 
7 0 
























re 


oer (oe — £8 Olis—(Con.) £s £8 
Logwocd i a... 006 6 13/6 Oil Cakes, Lnsd.,Eng.ptn. 7 0 7 5 
amai See FOR Ree Cee eRe eee ee 5 0 6 6 American............ eeteeeeee 6 26 ¢ 12 
Red Sanders ......00. 415 0 0 | Ol Seeds— edsd@ 
Se saneeniinbindiaiismaios: a ae ae Linseed, La Plata, afloat 36 0 386 6 
Elephants’ a eée Bombay oo - : 2 . 
Large sound........ ove $ — Ra wy ny aly > Ss 5 
7 6 2 6 Catouten LA.T., 8% 33 0 0 0 
0 40 0 | Plumbago— sdeda 
pee tes 0 33 © | Ceylon, tump .....percwt 7 0 14 0 
ee * Provisions— 
mem eae Buttor—Cork ....per awd 0 9 0 0 
om 0 40 0 | Jerve mr; © 0 98 0 
eae me cape na 0 6 0 
oe Ol Seaol eee 
o os 0 | Hamburg... 47 0 59 0 
: 0 0 ~~ Youk eceee sso 90 oi ; 
0 00 |, frisn..... seeeaeeons onenreeeens 
Lard Waterford 
0 23 0 | “Timeriok bladder..;. 00) 0 62 © 
6 09 Cork and Belfast ditto 50 0 60 0 
0 17 0 | Kerkinend keg, Irish... 48 eK. 
American an 
6 9 0 | Pork—Amer.& Can...pr.bl 0 @ 0 0 
s £ 8 | Bect—Amer.&Can...pr.tce. 0 0 0 0 
Cheese—Edam, new,.,...... 50 0 56 0 
> 2 64 0 66 0 
0 88 0 1p OW veveseceneee 42 0 48 0 
$32] anges coco 8 88 
4 80 mine —- Sangean $0 anrive ‘ 
s £28 open ite ou te op 6 7k 6 104 
0 28 90 | Bengal, white, on spot 510 0 0 
Manila, fair to roping 3010 33 0 DOSES Scissunns 8 8 T'S 
Jute, good to fine..........0 rors FS 10 1610 imine, , pe a 2 
CE GE GID vevcctercccee, S638: 8 1 SOE A Biman wine BE: 88 
oa arm, good i . 20 0 40 0 | Rosin—American, com 8 7) 4 0 
Common to fair............ #0 19 ° Medium to fine .... mening . e o $ 
E ewt 115 5 Sago—Pearl... ..per 
aed Gur Ib . . . : DRIED. ciisiminenen 0.9. 9.9 
Salted—B A. oi eves Shellac—-per cwt 
R. Grande .........00. 0 5% 0 6} | Orange, to fine ...... 58 0 6 0 
A eeneeeeee onset 0 4 0 5 Secon Seeneeee Sen eeeeeeeee 45 0 52 0 
Cape ... accalcsiet : . es . Saleen cae Sik ciiieinegsienyilia an 3 : > : 
—B. A. & i. * eeenee ui 
PASTY 8 FER sien euria, goed tbins HS |S 
na .. sesseseeeee 0 Sh O 7h | Sticklac, Siam .... 00 85 0 36 0 
spoaioen sia $f ° 5 | Suk Ib 16 0 16 6 
UB... 000 Bengal—Surdah_ ..per 
versnvseneenees © 35 0 ot EREEDONE eccrs-un 140 00 
ee pepieeeosencenersreye : : : B ] BOmaten wav vsesessessessee 15 0 16 © | Hyvon 
eee eee ee eenene . gypore& ll 
en ger yl . 7. . Rad msesrngeenes 0 ee 
good to 1C 0s covcee No. icseit 
Consuming mid 47 58 | No Gand Seren 22 0 15 0 
Low to ~ S44 44 TAYSAAM ......0scsccereereee 9 6 156 6 
Madras, SENSO ons esi’ O° 6 8 4 Long-reeled ..........0000 0 6 12 «0 
pNMtiFe wc 20 8 2 EE acs cearcs 10 0.14 0 
I ° : See eee Her eee eee eee 1 
Ordinary to middling... 1 3 3 6 Pade een le 0 [7 6 
India Rubber—per Ib his... Oct-18. 
Para, f1NC.......0:s00ce0cereeeee 3 446 0 0 | Persian CORRS Fi re we 
Mozambique peeiictes a 010 2 6 Italian—Raw, ‘white Novi 0 @ 0 0 
Leather—per | Fossombrone............. 0 0 0 0 
Orop hide «= 90 @ 48 Ibe 1 2316 Other kinds ............. 0 0, 0 0 
pine 60 1 6 1 8 | Thrown—Piedmont.. v4 22 0 2 0 
English butts.18 24 1 13 2 4 PE sis tcccedvusss vies 
do cimeas = 1 3 : Trams do .......... aoe BO 18S 
Foreign butts.. 0 0 ‘Seeman 
ay ” ieee Bink, Raster perio 0 6, 0 78 
Cape, Austn,&o.14 86 1oO 16 and Malabar ... © 73 0 7% 
Calf Skins... 2088 85 1 6 2 7 Fe pre eeiak hiss ocean 1 0. 1 24 
oem is i 8 [zmme: Eve 
oO eeese’ aia lon 0 8 1 
Dressing Hides 1. sescssosee O11 1 6 | CHpnagnen “ist Gey’ et es 
Shaved 00 teeeeeeneees 1 1 1 6 Do 8rd and 4th sit dee 6 0 \0 
wae ee a “tty vee nse oe R : Cassia Lignea unworked 24 0 25 Mt 
@ es—Zanzi Olt 9 
iin, English, per td ww OL 1 8 Sono maeeerenee Pee 
eee neenee 0 9 1 il Ginger—per cwt 
etal Britih - ° aes Cochin, scraped ......... 55 0 110 ° 
abet vipat. ae 
Best selected .......000 4410 45 6 on “33 6 14 0 
ee eee 2 oS  aaaianee 9 0 20 0 
y ert ng . ord... 35 0 45 0 
Australian -20--48-00 int i 3 Whois 48 0170 0 
= eee ee | tents nice wwvwesvnnper Ib 1 9 8 0 
- ro. : 3 Nutmegs, DFOWN oo. sesseree tL e.8 
615 65 |8 te—Rum, duty per proof gal. 10 4 
65 70 amaica, per nd, - 
76 80 BOUT OLE scsi, © 8 BIZ 
46 410 Fine mark3...........0. 8 6 @ 6 
, ditto.. 00 0900 Demarara, Acme: 8 2*..3;8 
do Steel at Middlesbore 47/6 410 Leeward proof 10 11 
Scotch iron cash .. 41 5 0 © |. E.Land Mauritius — 010 1 0 
Lead—En pig, p ton 12 10 1215 | Brandy, duty 10s 4d per “— gal. 
8 ‘isms we: aoe 6 Ist brands / NO. Vintage... 14 3 14 6 
ver.per bottle 7 0 © O | is Bhds \ ae vee 3 16 6 
ter, Silesian....pertorn 14 0 14 2/6 B essseree 8 16 6 
, English, ingots.......205 0 05 5 Corn spirits py ly sid 11 5 ll 6 
BGraits — ....ccocsesserseeee LOZ 12/6102 15 sat pt, porta’ 75 ig 
Zinc, English ...... perton 16 5 0 0 eee paid ..12 6 14 6 
s a 8 d Coe ewe eer eeeoes 0 il 1 0 
6 17 0 r 
0 14 6 sugar et 0 11 6 
0 00 Cerrecrasiee 28 6 IT O 
» - — Muscov., grocery 13 0 15 0 
+ 0 20 © | Mauritius crys Novis is 130 13 6 
us, 0. $ li 
$ HS | mrepeicwtopedyttcs fs ¢ if § 
21 0/8 Ww 0 
000 ay brow: 9 0 10 0 
0 090 0000 
0 00 0000 
és em 0 0 oO c 0 00 
oe 39 0 3010 86 9 G 
Sepa sot tainn ae at so 3% 
oe Se 5 
Brown, English............ 20 2/620 5 9 6 10 6 
Ground nut................ 21 0 40 0 ; £6.86 
Cocoa-nut Ceylon.. ........, * 0 25 0 oe = 00 0 : 
serenadecereeeieoneecinn OS 0: BA O to good Pin 0 0 0 
Palm (LAgos)........0seccescee = 1 00 Low to good yellow... 8 6 9 6 
via © O 0 | Java, grey and white .,,.., 0 0 
Petroleum Oi... ‘per 8 ibe ° Sh 0 Oye BYTUPS aecserserresceserseorens O 0 O O 


— 
eee ee ee aa a nn 


THE ECONOMIST. 


_ [Apri 3 30, 1887. 


| Sugar—(Con.) per won sa a 


rag, geod totine crys. 


we aoa at, No ‘15 to 16... 


trifugal........ 
te to gd, Muscovades 
Rerinxp—F or cpasumpin 
ee cohas 
Tate's wn 
te’s Cubes a 
Treacle 


seeerees toeeees 


F ort free vas board 
cy loaves, 6 ™ 10 30 


Pieces ,, 
Dutch, refined, fo. ». ‘in’ Hollant 


= tb — superfine oo 
cae Tae 

Preach Waves tab. if 
American granulated,spot 
Baltpe sa om Aus. tob 
tre—Bn cwt 
‘tien ce refine vatl eseses 
edeccratl oP. 


per ‘ews, 


mrt Manila, gd. to ——" 


do 
Tallow—per cwt 
Petersburg, new YC ... 
——s mutton 
Do beef do .. 
ee 


Tapioca—E.I. sores | 
Pearl . 


seeeees 


eoeereee 


























Tar—Stockholm, per br! 15 0 0 
Archan CLmé 8 
Tea—duty 6d per Ib 
Congou, com tote... 0 43 0 7h 
Medium to good . i ae 
Fine to finest... ae omy 
Souchong, —_ ‘to good.. ~~ 6.6 1 
Fine to fin «4 : 2 
Fisvety Poke ret 
fcen eo Bekoe, 
Canton... ive 0 5s 1 
Do Foochow ... O32.2% 
Scented capers, “Canton 05 183 
Do Foochow sce oe : 1 2 
common © ive 
rol to an finest ......4+ mn ee fh 
Y¥. Hyson, som, 90 we O 44 0 6h 
Good to finest 09 110 
are OT wder, com, to ‘tair ; i 2% 
ani. 6 888 
Do broken ... a mw 
Fannings and ‘broken... 0 44 1 0 , 
Orange Pekoe ........ wo SE 86 : 
Ceylon Souchong.. uw @ TOM 
ekoe moeabing 08s 13 
Pekoe ’ 09 23 
Broken Pekoe seers se 86 
Timber —Timber an 
Hewn Wood.—Dantzic b 
& Meme! fir...per load 30 0 85 0 
Pitch Pine Timber...... 45 0 55 0 
Canada red p AMO ...cereee 56 0 75 0 
= yellow pinc, Irg. - : 90 ° 
. ‘ 
hte 70 0120 0 
tic _ . 50 0 90 0 
Indian teake +180 0 280 0 
Wainscot logs =n —- 5 ees 85 0 
Deals and Prepar ‘ood— 
orway, Petersbg stnd. £3 _ 6 " 
Bweliah, good pane OO . 3S 
iatead ses 5 10 5 18 
F Dow janinne 
Canada bit csscsveee Ae: 8... 2. 0 
os Ste * : a" - 
nee scam aii posh ng” : 10 10 
Pitch Pine Selon. baceavand £810 12 0 
Dantzic deck, 40ft. 3in. 0 9 0 32 
Staves—Baltic, pr. mille £165 0 185 
Quebec, per standard do 60 0 70 ; 
Tobacco—duty yang sdsd 
Ohio, per Ib, bund .... 06 1 0 
va el oo LS 
= ene 0 44 0 8} 
_— ye G 33 0 9 
ane p a 
duty 4no0 11 2 6 
Tei in. If. “duty 3/6 prlb : o : : 
mee iii _ : = 
Turpentine—perct.. 2 
Wool—English—per pack of 240 Ibe. " 
Fleeces 8. Down hoggs£i0 0 121 , 
“a 0 1110 
Half-bred h oe 
— wethers ... 10 2 i : 
fleeces eeseccce 10 , : 
8. Dwn.ewesaid wire 10 0 12 0 ; 
Leicester do gcseieiiens (Re § _ " : 
poet . i 
Average P 
onc omg Port Pip Averng 
dons ie . 3 0 
seommense 0 20 ) : 
Locks & picces(wabd) 1 2 1 6 
Adelaide- Fleece (tom. 14 1 : 
Rett inmmncn & & % St 
Unwashed ..... 08 0 a8 
Aug. cross-bred washed 1 4 : : 
V.D.LA.- Fleece... 1 2 as 
H.Zenland-Sooured ot vee B ; 8 10 
nein es 
én on Ssisces Shite fe .? 
Zn — ieee ; BS 4 
mtuctae ct Oe 
wana’ White... cwt£6 10 £7 2/6 


wboeess per cwt 21 





r 


i 


17 
11 
17 

7 


23 
a 


CScoao oocwo cococrTrcona 


15 0 . 
149 
14 10535 


rn it 
9 15 
0 0 
74 11 

0 


0 a 
6 ll 


0 165 
0 90 


0 0 
0 23 
6 22 
3 0 
23 0 
0 30 


it 

16 
ll 
47 
21 
~ll 


r 






oo ooococcom 


rr wermowocos! coow tm eco oo wuwecwvouwncoooo ooo © 




















SE en ree Re ree 






aN 





Re ee 


— Ee es 


April 30, 1887.) _ 


oo 


~~ BRITISH FUNDS, &o, 


Dividends Due. Name. 


Prices. 










rl 
«(8 t. Consols ........... 028 
Jan. 6 July 6 . eS Account, al 4, lt we 
ced .. 1014101 


April 5 Oct. 6... New 8 por Certs. ......0..0..../101}201§ 





a oe oa = ion. ion ‘V oa 954 
see ~ e-| 945 95 
g Do 7 jedi | ae — Jan.1 


ug. 4...|Annts.Aug. Tpoe( Hed Sea Tei. 14} 14 
es eet 11|Exchequer Bills March, 24 7, i) ida at 
June 11 Dec. 11} Do June, 3%.... .. -|88.p 83.p 
April 1 Oct. 1... ane Gov. intercolonial Ri 
903-8 gua by Imp. Gov.\110 212 


April 1 Oct. 1... De Rupert’s Land, = ” 110 112 
April 1 Oct. 1...) Do Bonds 1910 do .. +110 112 
April 1 Oct. 1...| Do Bonds 1913 do ............(110 112 
Mar 1...|Egypt. Govt. Guar. 8 ee Loan} 394100 


| 
..| Turkish Guaranteed az. %, be 106 108 


a 


Stock 38 % Seats 
. = Oct.| Do Stoc 1 89: " 
i P. cin see Do Enfaced Paper, 6 ¥.. ” t 
Mar t5 


Sept. 15) Do 44 %, 1893 . 
Feb, 16 Aug. 16 aoe Laer 34%, Aug. 16, 
Feb. 16 Aug. 16} Do chseteren § 1801 ma sy mp 2 


Feb. 1 Aug. 1.. ‘Isle of Man 3} % Debentures 
“~~ GOLONIAL AND PROVINCIAL — 
GOVERNMENT SECURITIES. __ 























Autho- 

steed | Dividends| Name. Closing 

Issue. «Due. Prices. 

& 

100,000|Apr & Oct|B. Columbia, 1894.,.6 %/109 111 
150,000|Jan & July} Do 1907 ..........6 %{128 195 
250,000 ero Brit. Guiana, scrip 4 %| 994 100} 
600,000] A r & Oct|CanadaDom.Ry1908 6 Z/110 112 
My & Nv Do 1904-5 € 8...... 4 %/107 108 
12000000) ) My & Nv Do do 1 Ina, Stock 4 41054 1064 
0 ~5% |106 107 

6,443,136 |Jan.Jly { Do Insc. 1910...... 4 Zi106 07 


Do Debs., 1909-34. 34%| 994 100} 
Do do Inse. Stock 4, 1004 
Do Red. 1910-35... 4 %/106 107 
Do In. red, 1910-35 4 Z/106 107 
448,600] Apr eecog meie co. 800 $4 ‘ca 


150,000|Jan & July | ET 4 eae 
255,400|Apr & Oct . . & Ves 120 
7,407,700|Apr & Oct be 1% %aravings 4 % 108 105 
2,615,600/June& Dec} Do 1879 .......0.60. 44% /104 106 
'000\June&Dec| Do 1881 wv. 4 %102 104 

Do 1917-22 ......... : %\102 104 





8,000,000/June& Dec { Do Inschd. 1923... ¢ 7/103 

1,625,800|June& Dec| Do 10/40 Deb... %,|208 
4,837,500\June&Dec| Do Insc. Stock '83 : Yi103% 1044 

7, oem Apr & Oct} Do 4% ro Inse. 4 %|102 1 





00,000 May & Nov|Ceylon .. wveve 44%/105 so 
1,766,000 Feb & Aug} DO........ccssesesevees 4 %108 105 
,000| Mar & Sept|Fijian Gov. Deben. 43%|104 106 

140, 000/Apr & Oct ca. 44% “sy 106 
1,135,000|/Feb & Aug} Do... %'101 103 


4 
233/300 Jan & July Manitoba Debs,1910 5% 108 
400,000/Feb & Aug|Mauritius 1895-6 ... 6 

100,000 May & Nov Do 1% skg. fund 4s 107 
Deb. 4 Z%:101 103 
vi ind benebbees one 44% 104 
{us vi Do Debs. 1926 «ee 4 4100 
My & Nv} Do Inserbd. Stock 4 mis ; 
1,666,700|May & Nov; Do 10/40 .........++ 5 %i112 114 
1 678,830 May & Nov} Do Cons. Ins....... 4 Gii6e 101 
922,900|Jan & July|N. Brunswick ’86-91 6 %/102 
Jn & Jly|N. 8S. Wales, 1888-94 5 %/101 
Do 1895 to 1902... 5 Z/105 114 
Do 2% drawings... 5 %|107 
Do 1903-5-8-9-10 .. 4 %'1054 C64 
Do Loan of 1882... 4 4/105 ee 
8,000,000 oa Do do Inscribed 4 % — 16 
Apr & Do do Inscribed 33%! 9 97 
Jan & July New Zealand, 18916 % 107 
&July| Do 1914 ,..........5 % 








May & Nov 1889 
4,214,100 Jan & July|Qrtly do Bds.0.1902 5 Y\104 
1 








6135011 May & Nov; Do Inscribed Stk 4 %| 97} 984 
800,000! May & Nov/Quebec (Prov, of)... 5 4/111 113 
860,000 May & Nov) Do 1906 .. 5 Zi111 113 
878,600 Jan &July| Do1919 .........00 43Z%/106 108 
600,000\Jan & July} Do 1912 -5 4118 «115 
1,936,550 Jan & July Queensland, "1891-6. 6 4|108 118 
10267399 Jan &July| Do 1913-16 ......... 4 %/102 103 
8,366,900 Jan & July| Do Inse , 1915-24. 4 %|1034 1044 
468,800! Jan & July|S. Austral. 1891-1900 6 %|107 120 
oh &July| Do 1901-18 ......... 6 4/118 182 
240,000/ Jan & July Do 1911-20 ......... 5 Z\108 120 
7,776,700\Jan & July| Do 1894-1916 ...... 4 % 1018 1024 
200,000\Jan & July! Do 1929 ............4 Z/101. 103 
1,365,300 Apr & Oct DO 1916 ......0-0--. 4 Zj1014 102 
5,650,200/Apr & Oct) Do Insc.1917-35... 4 %/1024 103 
100,000, y & Nov|Straits Setts. Govt. 4341103 +0 
102,500 Jan & July|Tasmania, 1895...... 6 4113 116 
700,000\Jan & July} Do 1893-1901 ......6 7/109 122 
1,946,650\Jan & July| Do July 1, 1908... 4 %i102 *04 
1,000,000|Jan & July} Do Loan, of 1883. 4 4.102 104 
250,000! Mar & Sept) Trinidad Debntres. 6 %|105 107 
870,000'Mar&Sept| Do Debentures... 4 %/102 104 
860,000|Jan & July|Victoria, 1891 ......6 %/108 110 
2,107, 000\Jan & July! Do 1894 .........0. 4 4/107 109 
4,500,000 |Jan & July 4 Zid 206} 
5,000,000 Jan & July 4421108} 109} 
4,000,000) Jn &Jly A\106 207 
aad te De Teeta tenses tite os, 
'f Ap t 
603,500) { Ap&Oct| Do Inscribed Stk 4 % nest 1064 


200,000| Apr & Oct|Western Australia 447/105 107 
404,000|Jan& July! Do... abuses ig 102 203 
25, 000 Jan & July ! Do Red 1934 sveves 4 %'104} 1055 


109 
“05 


| 


Gates | 


| 
sda 
| 
| 
| 


| 


3 














THE ECONOMIST. 








CORPORATION STOCKS. 
United 1 Kingdom. 




















1,000,000/Glasgow Corp., 1914 34%|100 100 
500,000|Hull Corp. Stock ... 34%|100 |100 
000|Lee Consrvncy Db St 4 £1100 - ie 
2,889,630 haste Cure. Stk,1927 4 % 00 100 
° 344|100 
405.194| Leicester Gas& Water 4 {| 100 ‘100 wae oe 





507,987} Do 3} %, 1984 ieee 100 |100| .. 
,500,000| Liv Stk. 84% 100 |100 |1033 
775,735|Manc orp. ..- $,% %|100 |100 |117 1184 | 
100,000| Middlesbrough %\100 |100 |105 107 
800, coeces 3h a oo di = hen 
450,000 Newcastle Corp. Stk. 3}%|100 |100 |100 102 
2,000,000!Notting. Corp. Stk.. 3 %|100 |100 36 
400,000) Portsmouth Corp... %\100 }100 1100 100 
600,900|Reading C rp. Stk... 34%/100 100 | 99} 99) 
100,000/|S. Staf. Mines Dge... 100 100; ... ... 
400,000|Stockton Corp., 1908 447/100 |100 |105 307 
600,000|\Swansea Corp. Stk. $100 100 | 95% 964 


| 


anthe. | \BONDS LOANS, AND 1 aioe 
issue. TRUSTS. 
& 
17,056,012) pean ess oe Wks. ‘ad cha 
1929 100} 110 
7,250,000| Do 8 % Stock wee B00 Hoo | oot 99} 
1,000,000 |Com. of Sewers (Ci 
of London), 1906 100 |100 |100 101 | 
2,787,600|Cor. of Lon. nde, 86-8 84%\100 [100 100 161 | 
2,062,000| Do, 189'-4........... . BE%|100 |100 }100 101 
347,000} Do 3 % Bonds, 1912 100 |100 
8,500,000|Brm’ham Corp., 1946 84%|100 |100 — 
58,902 Do Water do i a 98 29 
330,290/Blackburn Irred Stk 8}%|100 100| ... _.. 
.850| Bristol Corp. Deb. St 34%|100 100 |100} 1003 
250,000/ Cardiff 3} % Stock... 100 |100 | os 
400,000|Croydon Corp. Irred 8}%|100 100 1005 101 


600,000 Wolverhamptn Corp. 34% 100 100 ' 99 £93) 5 





CORPORATION STOCKS. 
(Colonial and Foreign.) 




























Bg 
3 Closing 
*) Prices. 
6 - 105 
5 1917|107 109 
6 1914/111 lig 
7 1910/117 119 
5 
5 
6 
6 
6 
5 
5 %\City of Ca . 
of Cape i 
6 Z City of Christchurch (N. on 
6 ‘City of Dunedin, Deben. .. 100 
8 Do Redeemable, ..........0++: ..|100 
6 Do Consolida‘ eveee| 100 
6 City of Hobart Town ‘Guar .. .|100 
& %|City of London (Ont.), Ist Pref! 100 
6 % Do Waterworks ..........-+++ 100 
5 %|City of Melbourne aac 
43% Do .| 00 
5 % City of Montreal, Sterling .. ».|100 
B X| D0 Of ISTE. .cccsessccsececeeses 1 
6 % Do. oee| 100 
6 %\City of Ottawa, Sterling ....../100 
CZ) DO weereccessere anbisiciadaesnasasi 1 
© EE TD wnscccesicnsyee 1100 
C2 our seenitieetis aa aie = 
5 0! ence Cou 
5 Sicity of Quebec Consolidated. |100 
6%) Doot 1878........-.ccsercereenees 100 
s 4 DO Of 1875....s:sesesesne sess see 100 
6 %| Doot 1878... .|100 
4 ¥%|\City of Rome, "Guaranteed ...|100 
5 % City of South Melbourne...... 100 
5 %|City of Sydney ..... .|100 
6 %|\City of Toronto Sterling Deb. = 
6 %| Do Waterwork Debentures| 100 
6 % DoSterling Consol. Deben./100 
5 Do Gen. Con. Deb....... sweass 100 
4 é Do Sterling Bonds... .|100 
6 %\City of Wellington Con. Deb. |100 
6 Do Improvement Loan...... 100 
6 Do Waterworks Debens. ...|100 
6 City of Winnipeg Debentures|500 
6 %| Do Debentures ............ 100 
4 % Greymouth (N.Z)Har.Bd.Gtd 100 
6 %\Lyttelton (N.Z.) Harbour Bd./100 
5 $\ Melbourne Harb. Trust Loan| 100 
4h XZ Do Tramways Trust 5 aeeabe 100 
5 apier Harbour Board ......... 100 
6 New Plymouth Harbour Bd.|100 
6 New York City (Ex. 4/1)......8/1 
6 %| Do Gold Coupon Bonds .. .$ 1000) 1896/120 125 
¢ = Harbour Board Reg. 100 ~ 
SIGUE sonincroentnncenases 
7 4 Do unicipal Corp. Water 100 
Te cance daned vensbentt 
; § Otago Harbour Board ......... i 
6 Do 1877 .s-ces00 : .|100 
6 $| Do 1881 ...cecscercecersesscorenses 100 
5 % | DoDebentures..............-../100 
6 ¢ Pt. m anna 100 
5 \Port Louis (Mauritius)... ..| 100 
6 St. Louis City, Red. 1893-5 ... 200 
5 ‘fimaru Harbour Board Debs. 100 
a mi (N.Z.) Harbr. Bd.) 1 
4 5 Westport (N.Z.) Harbour Bd. 1 


London Stock Markets JPrice Current. — 





















573 


een 


FOREIGN STOCKS, BONDS, -&o, 
(Coupons payable in London.) 


oo 
en 
SALINE: 


eens 
Yo 

_ 

e 

re) 

~ 

rt 

- 






st ot 
“az! 90 101" 
5 $100 102 
5 | 99 101 
6 %|100 102 
' 
43% 94 96 
44%| 93 95 
5 7| #8 99 
6 | 98 100 
6 %| 95 100 
6% % 9 
97 99 
6 7/203 105 
62) ie 
aa 


Perse 
i ee 
Saas 
Saw 
cite 
oo Gon 








26 27 
'70 71 
| 64} 653 
rai i 
+4 “ig 
| 3 2 | 
Hee 
ate 
| ork | 06} 95 
Jan. july. 5 %| $2 34 
Jan. July 5 | 68 
Jan. July} + 5 vy 62 64 
Cp Feb.’76 5 %| 34 36 
. . 6 % 36 38 
10 %| 3} 9} 
10 %| Se % 
jan July. He 7 %0 
= £ Shooter | 
5 : zs ins 
| 3ee: Jeu:| 3 |*ape. apan, i878 F $ia15 117 
Sa aoe gi 
| May . gel 
102 104 
| Koil 4 ‘3 106 
i > 
| May Nov . 3p.) 978 
Jan. July. 47 . 
.syis i9 
Faia 15} 16} 
134 13 
| Jan. 3 & asi sé 
April Oct.) + 5 %| 92 9% 
April 5% 9 % 
Jan. July. ite 442) 98 97 
sees a SP _* eee 
3 e+ be 
ey, 2% & 
5 i 96 93 
May 4% . 36 
ir sae & 
i | 92 94 
Sime Dee,| -008|"Dee. | Do 1873.2... 5 $) 94} 95 
April y ABZ, oes oe 
Gpdan 3 S453 ii 
e ; 
us July| 5 $100 102 
Jan. July 5 2) 92 93} 
June Dee.| - 2% 465 87 
ree 
une Dee. 1878 ...... 4 Z/108 105 
April Oot. os Do ee ‘ gies 105 
April Oct.| -. Do Isl ET. 43%| 734 72 
April Oct. Do 1877,Def.E.T. 5 é $5 35 
Mar. Sept. Do Priority ...... 5 | er 69 
Mar. Sept. a Do Reg. ... | 20 22 
Mar. Sept. an Do Reg. ... fe 22 
Mar. Sept.| .-. |. Do Debt Rg 12 14 
Mar. Sept. pr Do Reg. ... 12 14 
Mar. Sept. van Do 1869 gy 2 14 
Mar. Sept. ia Do Treas. b 12 14 
ee am Oars 22 34 
April Oct. =. |U.S. (Mass.), 1888 5 Fa 1¢2 
Nov. aa eheabeneehe 1894 6 Z112 115 
Jan. July. wow | DO srveveeeren 1900 5 2,118 120 
Jan. July. 3 | Do :.........1889 5 Z1102 106 
Jan. July. vee | DQ scsesuensne0891 5 %/104 106 
Jan. July. | Do Si2.1896 6 Zj110 113 
re) ck 
om Coxol Debt 3 | 39 41 
ane Guantags axe yeuty & Gu camel e 
Ww are . almost other 
' cases where there arc drawings half-yearly. | 












oe 


Yee ee NE MERE TP SS ee De 


Pere BRAINY Bee my “ * 


os ee 40-28 ney ereamenss sperms 


fog. koovde ths wen na errnet hae ae 


ie NR PT GAR Re — ‘ . 


Sete 


LEO EES FOO PIT wg ct aa: er ares 


scence naennnennnn manta neni etek men enema niababasiee ne nga meena ee 


IN RE elas at 


Sa eee ee 


ns 


eT 
























FOREIGN STOCKS, BON &o. AMER TOOKS.—Con 
(Coupons j payable ema ies RERIOAN arene. 
| Next 

. Dividends =! | Closing | Autho- igs) Autho- Last | 

x ‘Drew. | rised ‘am Closing | “SY 
Due Name, | Prices Rn 
ia ing. Iesue. 13> prices steed ‘Dive 
hasten see — —|—— | Laeue. | dend. 


























































































ST me Asgentinn Bd Bie. 8 3) 32 "4 Currency Bonps. cereal. sarees | ussuetioesisiestnenetnenes 
i nine)... Austrian Bil, Reo. & z 65 37 45,500,000\North Pac. Ist Mrt, Bds, 6 %/1081)120 22 Shares. ‘526 gi fae 
; Paper ° j 37 regn. & Cal. t Mt. Weotm 
Oct.'n’ne’ ... snes One Rents : g - ° 9,0 \° een’ vammpers® % pny - BEROCS 14) X jlen. ee Westminsti r, ae oe 
os | sone wre nco} te do ... Bony 35 
a» (Dutch Orteex12ge 24%) 72 74 1,500,000/Panama Su iy Bond 6" 10 00 i ios 60:00 5 z ton. Ghee 0) 
w<. \Prench Rentes...... $42,103 00 | _6.900,000/Penn. Con. Sink. Fd. Mt, 6 7|1906)123 28 Gideon td] wi 6! 
on. [a AO esersioniens 8 % 78} 793 10,000, Do 4} Gold Bonds.<... 44%|1918)110 ne 9 % |London & Brazilian, ma 5) eR 4} 
| we |. Do Redem....... 3 2: 824 Ssh 15,500,000|/Pennsylvania Co. Ist Mt. 44%|1921|108 | Limited "i 
™ lttalian, ex 261... 6 %, 96§ 97 | 84,800,000Phil &Read, Det.Inc. Bas... . | 190,000'12} % \London Joint Stock, 20 | 10 | 174 15) 
= iPro Conscis. 4 7104 1068 | 1,100,000/StLouis&S.F.1 Mt.,M&W6 x|1919\117 22 Limited fed 
"||US. Punded 1801 447112 118 | 5,700, Do 2ndMortzage,B.&C 6 %|1906/105 15 | 26,000 6 % |Lon.,Paris,@ Aim ie. 2 
=i = tae 1907 4% 130 132 | 6,009, Louis Bridge ist Mort. 7 %|1929|184 38 | 100,000| nil. |Merchant,’ Amro, ain 22, 8 
4 ce | oe (VIII wesseseon BB) 88 uth. Pac. of Cal.1 Mort 6 %|1906/115 17 | %50,000;10 % |National ana 
. ane ret 5 %| $8 42 | 27,289,000: Union Pacific Ist Mt. ... 6 %|1890|/198 22 200,005 % |Nat. of Australasia| 6 ie | 
ms Do N. Fnd. 1905 6 %| 58 56 8,000,000 Do Land Grant Mort. 7 %1/389 {100 206 200,000 5 Z Nat. of N.Zealand. L. 4 9% 103 
Do Nw.Fnd.Reg. 6 %' 56 58 Ne ae eae ae 200,000... [National of Mexico.. 20 | x : : 
ee m.’s Certs. 6 5° 61 
_ AMERICAN STOCKS. _______ | 8,867,000! Do Cairo Div. Bonds... $ Siieaa| 73 78 150/625'19 ee aes 18 " eh 44 
7 30,825, 6/.% IN HO eeD eee eer eeeees 20 | oi 61 
Name. eg 1,500, Ala.,N.O, Tews, ue. Deb. "6 x\1907/ 71 78 10 % 'Provinel of Irelnd L. = 13 st s 
ES 2nd Debentures ... 6 %|1907| 60 85 % | Do New ; 
<3 | Prices. | 1,390,0001 Allegheny Valley guar... 7 {1910|130 33 | 900,00015 % |Queensiand Nat.” i:| 10. 
Suanes. 339,000/|Atlan. & G. W. West. Ex. 8 %/1876| 58 62 | 40,00010 % |Standard of Africa, 6 | 124 13) 
Alabama G. 8. A 6% Pref. Slr | 68 62 | gnome. © (oniemy neers |100 | 28 | 8h ach 
Do B Ordinary... 110,000.12} 2 |Union of London’ Liss | sy f3 
alg HO Roce be Pel Gtk 44} | 66 $8 | 40,976 5h 2 a | 00 | 164) 86 37 
OTTO ....5..s.s0r00000,] I * @ 2|1806|110 ia | » Limited) 18 6/5 6 
Central of New Jersey 6 7902118 20 - = stot 
Sogeeseiichis. Me Se Peal v= @ Zhisnolige ts 
261\Chi. Mi & BE Paul. ~ 6 gown 18 INSURANCE COMPANIES, 
11,246,971 Cleveland & Pittsbu 7% ‘- 6 Z|1908}122 24 a 
eet fini | 
nver & Rio Stk 100 bi 
| aan ier t ee © Shiosiies az9 | Ata Die | |Paom 
29,000,000 Central.. 5 %|1908/108 10 | yeoue. | dend é Prices, 
Do 4 % Leased Line Stock...|Stk.| 98 100 6 4/1805/112 1:4 | LO. 
‘eon eoulLoulevilie & Nook 7 Sligos a ak 
a e Vv fe 42 ; 
46,406, i , Kansas, & Texas....../100 | 32} 33) - 6 4/1897/109 111 ae “3 aimee Marine L. ool al ss at 
89 New York Con. & Hud. R../100 |... ... vite 1902/113 15 ' Atlas Fire & Life .. 80 ath i 
¥ iv n Lon. 4/19/100 (1163216 1901/119 21 7 18 
¥8,008,000/New Yor ake Es Erie ae Weet 100 343 ; 6 Slip 114 16 So'ooolia" eee Macins I. x : * 7 
seabinctiibasl 74 76 1903/123 25 . ‘ 
ge,eo0s00|dtew York, Ontarie &e., Reg. 100 | 19) 3 olNew York, Pen. & Ohio.” coe ad ere ge ae a8) i 
18,000, 000|Norfoli: & Western Pref, --='|i00 | 524 38 s. 6 %|1805|109 11 Sass BX [euetieel tena ation i100 | 10 | eb ot 
Ohio & Mississippi, Common..|100 | 314 Mt. 6 Zjig0sli13 25 | go’goolis (Commercial ‘Union| 60/1 a1 So: 
€ 080,000] Do 6 % Proferred.....ss.n.. {100 | 87 HF Slisoritos e | S208, Z [Commercial Union| 60) 6 | 21 2: 
rogon & Californiaassess pd [100 | 10 11 ¢ Ziisolisorsz | 000 SE [County Hire w.n..(100 | 80 ln43 148 
32,900,000), Uo 6 Preterred Stock do00 | 5 6 Ziigosli2 1% | qolegol 5 2 rea stecadennen erst us 
. vania | 50 | 61 62 | »,240,000/)Perkiom. Con. Mort....... | saneons 
83,216,675 a Reading ..... 50 | 223 224 8 Sliozolies 20 | 200,08 ao ee ee ett if of 
19,714,285) Pitts F. Wayne&Chig. 7 % Gtd.|100 |162 154 6 Siumiiiies os | | SO CRISE Geer a Bon Lele | sal an 
0,500,000)St. Louis & San Francisco ......|100 6 Ziuso7}i08 110 | ,sovege] °8,,% | Eneuah& Soot. Law) so | Hy) Ot 7 
10,000,000, ‘Do 2nd Preferred. 100 | 73 80 ortgage 6 7/1908) a ere te) 20) 1 } 
~ 4} 9462'o00\st Louis Bridge 6% ist Prof.|100 |105 107 o 6 Zosslses gi | WOOeRtO 6 [Goneral LiteG Five.il00) 6) 8 9 
$,000,000| Do 8% 2nd Pref. Stk. ......|100 | 52 54 6 Siisesiiis iia | OCS EG [Riche Marine, dm) 10) ¢ if 
1,250,000/Tun of St Louis 6 %|100 |108 112 . 8 %|1896'120 25 > 4 Life 2) Vis . 
1} 61,000,000\Union Pacific .:.........-ssessse- 100 G6 Sigosiz00 111 | 22000 § 4 (Guardian Lifted Fire}100 | 60 | 71 73 
|| 27:400,200! Wab.,St. L.,& Pac.com.ass.pd.|100 | 20) 214 | 4188,800// Do Gen, Mort. ......... 6 Shisot'ii 122 | 000) nil. |Home and armenian 00) 6 
: ¢ as Seeepenpeiees .»./100 — ~ rine -....,. 2 
ah unrexcy Boups, 12,000 32 % 25 |157 162 
| Gt.South. 1 Mb. 6 %)1908/122 <14 ‘eens 0) 8» 
& Susan. 1 Me 7 3}ioue)t2] £58 | 7 | 124 154 
Santa Fe hz 19a 102 105 he 2) 6 6&6 
Senameth heels 6 %/1911\114 116 3% 24) 14h 15 
oC a s 10/107 110 
Pot, (Main) ¢ ¢i982 121 123 coonenseenenanenfesnene ye. 8} 12. 13 
, 6 %|1911):22 126 | 100,000, 5 Limited........) 10 ~¥ me og 
6 % 192) a we 80,000 6} iance, ted Re 26 57) x Lpl. , Ln, &Gibe. F.L Stk 2 84 35 
anc tena & Sion xb | aan &° § (An Raean B20 [Londo eenasnra.| | i 40" 51 
% 105 110 o-Calif yg = ee 5 
en. of N. Jersey Gon.Mt. 7 %|1899|116 18 | 80,000 <3 % wie-teseiee | 30, 8% |Lon. & Lancashre F.| 25 | 2 uy: 
Do Adjustment Bnds. 7 %1903|108 112 | 60,000| 74 % |Anglo-Foreign, L ..| 7 10 4 
, Debs. 6 7/1908] 97 100 | 20,000) 6 % |Anglo-Italian,’66, L.| 8 16% 
6 %\'95-g1118 22 | 40,000 4 % |Bank cf Africa, L... 13} 
Oregon div.) 6 %|1899|110 1:2 | 40,000/15 % |Bank of 40 a Z 
Grant Bde 6 S|i800li06 10s | 1 8 0 A 
bonis. and N. West. De. 5g 12,500, 8 nil. 
: nds. 6 20,000) 7} 4% 
. & Quincy 5 % 100,000; 3 8 4% 
, & St Paul Ist 40,000 7 2 4 
Mt. 8.W. Div. ........ 6% 17% Tt % 
Do La Crosse & Daven 5 Z% 100,000,124 % 2 £10jps 
Do Hetngs. & Dak. 1 M 7 Y 60, nil. 0 9 ZX 
Do Chie. & L. 8. Ist M. 5 % $2,000) 6 00235 % 
Do Chic. & P. lst Mort. 5 7 185% 
Do Wis.&Minne. istMt. 5 7 20 4% 
Do Terminal Mortgage 5 % D418 % 
and Tomah ...... 6 00 £22 p.s. 
Louis and N.0. 5 % 27 % 
930 % |Thames& Mersy.M | 20 
vee © Z11981] 78 80 | 100,000/10 Y |City, Limited ......... D120 % [UNION .....,s0000--0202-] 200 | 20 530 540 
4 % |\Union Mar., Liv., L} 20| 34) 6 61 
0/213 Y | Universal Life ......}100 | 12 | 40 42 
16% Universal Mar., L... 20; 8| 7 7% 













| 







































| 
14} 15} Autho- Closing 
ae 25 a " mend : Name. Prices. 
ts. a 2 EE 
London t County, L.| 80 { 20‘ 83 $4 000/|100 Bedford & Northampton Pref} -.. 
Lon, & Hanseatic, L.) 20 | 10 | 10} 11 10,867 961 100 Caledon ian, Consolidated .. 93; v4 
Lon & Provincial, L.| 10 | 6 | 139 14 2,508,0271/100 Do Deferred Ord. No 1 . * 83 
Lon, & R. Plate, L.| 25 | 19/18 19 2766671, | Do do No.2... 
London and San 14,991| 20 Cornwall. vs 
Francisco, Lim... | 7 5} 6} 18,782' 10! DoA A'receivesmodiv.} | 





m,000 €4 % eee and South- 


10 | 
estern, Limited, 60 | 16 | 213 22} £00 8001 100 | ones 













574 THE ECONOMIST. [April 30, 1887. 


BADES, Gen. 


w file 














‘iciiiiahbenanlaie. 





Prices, 




















RAILWaYS. 
OrpviInaRy SHARES AND SToc=s. 





une OF pele” 


Mine ea 
1,400,0002' 100 | | Bast London (Consolidated). ul :3 




























——oeaeaeaeaeaeaeanasnanananananananaeaeeew°ooaSsSseee 
LL 












































































April 30, 1887. THE ECONOMIST. 575 
ETE 77st Siruiuenessiicinplesesnseplieilinlalentstiteianttithie tsetse cena canta iartiatecenincatisiniinantalainias 
RAILWAYS RAILWAYS. RAILWAYS. i 
Oxpmary Suanns AND Stocks.—Con. Dasewrere Stocns.—Con. PREFERENCE SHARES AND STOcKs.—Con. | 
i 
Autho- sii Closing | Autho- | a 
rised ; . rised ; Name. 
ime | 3 Peis | iiee. | 3 “rio ea tl 
_ ee — ——— | 2,502,088!) 100 (Metropolitan 4 % Stock ...... 109 ‘11 i= 
1,000,0002| 100 |London and 8.- Weat. A4 %120 22— eizor 100 | DO 4 % 1882.0. cccsessevsecees-e- 106 if 
2,642,000!) 100 |Furness, Con. Ord. Stock ...| 96 99 } 5,523,947/ 100 | Do, do B.. . 4 Zi 22 100 (M tan District 5 % if 
4,927,920) 100 Glasgow and South-Western; 872,2161| 100 \London, Tilbury, &c. ... 44% 114 16 | 11 “188,641 100 |Midland 5 % Con. Per. ie 
Ordinary Consolidated... 1% Ol 800,000/) 100 |Manch., Sheffield,& Lin 5 %| .. .. 100 | Do 4}%, 1876 ......... re 
12,408,886:| 100 |Great Eastern, ee : a 68 { 1,152,7871| 100 | Do, do ...... wee 44 %/130 32 3097) 100 4% ean ‘ff 
1987, 0731 100 |Great North of Scotland ......| 57 59 | 2,293,3112| 100 |Metropolitan we & %116 118 20,611} 10 | Do4 %, 78,0 g. ‘ft 
9,387,9774| 100 |Gt. Northern Con. s13):124 858,263/| 100 | Do.. eve 44 Z,128 230 225 100 | Do4 % 1880, soon den "87! 12} 22) fi 
1,159,275!) 100 De {antl opi ise i 10% | 1,211,62652) 100 ‘Metropolitan 1 Disteiab . 6 % 158 100 | Do, 1881, Ty ee a | 
1,159,275!| 100 | Do Bj until 6 % ispaid B f |153 156 657,5002| 100 | Do... an” $it0e 108 261,818, | Do, Perp. 11/ Pref. S i 
20,881,895!) 100 \Great Western, Gon. Ord. ...|1373:33} | 16,835,527.| 100 |Midland . ; . 4 %121 :23 | 8,860,1987| 100 [North British Con., 4 %,No. 2.1€8 110 ] ; 
1,777,2701| 100 | Highland, on Consoli- 4,380,242/) 100 |North British... .4 Zita <16 | 2,422°485\100 | Do E. & G. Preference ...... 119 121}. i 
dated Tee: Os 400,6791| 100 Do E.P and D.B. .. aia a i anentee 387 100 | Do 1865 Preference ....... i 
8,090,0002| 100 | Hull, Bernal sey, ;Shares.. | 21 22 782,9551/ 100 | Do... ie A oo 100 | Do Con. 5 % Pref., 1874 ... 130 132 
15,392,9952; 100 Lancashire & orkshire, Con |119 220 08,5202) 100 | Do.......0004- serserseeserees pela 100 | Do 4} %, as i dienonaaiine 
8,156,300!) 100 |London, Brighton, and South 12,371,1752| 100 |North-Eastern .........++ 4 Y119 281 709, 1114) 100 | Deaf % Con. Pref., 1875... 119 iz 
Coast, Ordinary .. 182 234 { 1,188,1198) 100 | Do... ccccscesseessesseseoreee 494/132 234 610,0002| 100 Do 5 % Convt. Pf. Stk., 1879127 129 
2,171,850) 100 | Do ms Df recive, no div. } {150 52 964,3662; 100 |North London ............ 44 %|132 133 230,0001| 100 | Do 4% dO ......ccccccseeceeeee 108 10 - 
2,171,850// 100 | Do Df? until 6% is pd. Pty 119}1193 1,831,691/) 100 [North Meiortahioe ‘. 44 21122 i294 100 N. Eastrn,Stock. &Darl.CLD ... ... : a 
393,3951| 100 | Do Cert. of Contin. Rights| 24 800,0672| 100 |Rhymney Perpet. ........ 4 Z%\109 12 | 1,181,250) 100 | Do Blyth and 4%... 111. 18 : 
11,123, 061! 100 |London, Chatham, & Dover, 752,8002| 100 |South- Bester! erpetial 4 %118 : 100 | Do New Pref. "76,4 % ...... 192 14 a 
Arbitration Stock .........| 28§ 243} 4,342,4402/ 100 | Do, do ............ « 5 %\146 247 700,0002| 100 ‘North London 4} % (max. 5 %) 131 33 ft 
87,767,2072| 100 |London and North-Western, : 482,2751| 100 Taff Valle....ecrercereersseeee & ZL] 114 250,000) 100 | Do 44 %, 1875 .........scssesee 121 23 i: 
. Consolidated . -»./1633:64% | _ 199,1662) 100 |W. Lancash. Permnt.... 5%! wo 100 North 132 it 
10,916,1742) 100 |London & Sth.- Western, Con.|:29 130 | —====—————=- —— = > 100 | Do 4} %, 1873 ....cccsesecsereee 117 219 ; 
1,323, 4204, 100 London, Tilbury, & Southend ; GUARANTEED SHARES AND STOCKS. 100 | Do 44 %, 187 j 117 9 
Consolidated ...............|!87 +40 100 [Rhymney 6 %, 1864 152 167 3 
100 |Man., Shef. ,& Lincoln, Ord... 75 77 | 2,181,1052| 100 |Caledonian 4% Guar. Annuit.| ... ... 100 |Somerset & Dorset 5% 1st Pf... ... 
58888367; | 100 | Do Bie pe recivs. no div. } 106.198 } §,667,1641) 100 De 4 X Conmaiaaies, Guar.|111 113 100 | Do5 % 2nd Preference a ; 
100 | Do Df} until6y is pd. Pf f| 43) 44 250,000/| 100 |City of Glasgow W. C. Guar.) ... ... 100 | Do Bath Ext. 5 % Cons, Stk.|102 104 : 
20,906) 20 |Mersey, frlly paid ... ws... 6 Do F. W. do C. & 8. W. 100 |S.-Eastern, Con. 4} % Pref....|1£4 126 | 
83,270' 100 | Do Df} until 6% ie pa. Ft PEF | we os ‘urness Consol. Guar. 4 % ...{111 113 85,0002| 100 | est Wickham ; 
2,250,000. | 100 Metropolitan District, Ord....| 42} 423 Glasgow & Sth.-Wst. Guar. 4%) 800,0002/ 100 ‘Taff Vale, 6 ¥ Preference......\157 160 ; 
28,271,969! 100 |Midland, Consol. Ordinary ...|1254:26 Do St. Enoch Stat............ 11! 23,2501 10 'W. Lancashire 5 %, Ist Pref. .. ... | 
5,254,303/| 100 |North British, Ordinary ...... 1034104 Gt Eastern 4 % Rt. ig B60 a= f 
2,422,4851| 100 | Do Edinburgh & Giasgow Do 5 % Metropolitan Steck) ... ... INDIAN KAiLWArs, t 
Ordinary .......cecesseeeesees 36 37 Do Consolidated 4 % ...... “his ‘15 | “1,100,0002, 100 (Bengal & North Weste rn, La, 100 108 a | 
22,812,3332| 100 |North-Eastern, ‘*Consols” ...|155 +53} reat Northern, Perp. 5 %...\14. 43 110,000 7%} Do Shares .......... | i 8 + 
2,225,0002/ 100 |North London, Consolidated |1€3 188 Do 44 % Con. Non.-Con, Pf./126 28 100,000, 6 ‘Bengal Central, Lim., Shares 44 4 +t 
8,230,1401\"100 | North Staffordshire, oon. es. O45 95} Gt. Sthn. & Wstn. (Irld.) 4 %! -. | 7,560, 100 »Bar., &Cen.Ind. Gua5% 164 166 a 
360,0007, 100 |Rhymney .. deetcscbiaeoses Tana 04 t Western, Rent ej14? 144 64, Eastern Bengal A. Annuities, 223 ' 
477,100/| 100 | Shropshire Union avemnsnjosuavel SRE ae Do Consolidated Guar. 5 Z%/142 44 74,9361 Do “ B,, Annuities a 
1,045, 100 |Somerset and Dorset..........| 4 6 Lancashire & Yorkshire, 4%|114 16 348,666 100 Do 4 % Debenture Stock.. 107 100 | 
8,170,8702, 1¢0 |South-Eastern, Ordinary ....../129 131 TRIE ween ccpemmapelitiiaes .. East Indian, Ann.A, 1953....... 22% 23 / 
2,869,6702| 100 | Do Pf { Df recivs. no div. ¢ |15@ 152 Do6 % Lancashire)... 3 1 ws | Do RRS ES 4 ' 
2,869,6702 100; Do Df; until 6 % is pa. Pf 10831094 Lon. B/&S. C. Con. Guar.5 Z\138 40 | 6,550, .. | Do Def. Ann. + Gen. 621238 120 / 
82,7702 100 | Do 1882 Issue ..... {125 227 Lon C. &D SheernessRt.-Ch.|122 125 | 1,500,0002 100 | Do Irred. 44 % Deb. Stk... 128 120 : 
1,403,800¢) 100 | Taff Vale, ‘* Stock” .|225 230 Lon. & N.-W. 4 % Guaranteed|117 19 | 20,000,002) 100 G. Indian Peninsula Gua. + ‘%148 50 | 
155,000! 20 | West Lancashire........ sikal eck?" ape Lond, & 8. W. Cons. Guar.4%/113 15 2,701, 4501 100 | Do 4 % Debenture Stock.. 107 109 
250,002; 100 | Whitby, Redcar, &..... sss.) se + Manchester, Sheff.,& Lin.6 %| ..._ ... 2,744,010 100 Ind. Mid. L. 4% + }surp. prof. 105 1¢7| 
Do Ist Preference 44% ../125 27 | 8,767,8600' 100 Madras Guaranteed 6 % ....../128 30 i 
es ———==—— A citactones csvee.| &7 89 1,000, 0004 100 | DO, dO 49% ...scccesccesoneevees| 120 122 i 
Lines Lzasep at Frxep REnra.s. Do Irredeem. 5 ¥ ‘Rnt. Ch./129 31 600,000/'100 Do, do 4} % ........... ./ 113 115 / 
Do 44% Rent aange, --|L13 115 | 46,000,0002 190 Oude& und,Lim.,g. 8% 126 128 ' 
Metropolitan District, at 700/100 Do 4% Debenture Stoc - 105 2 : 
<c | Leasing Closing Exten. ae S owe 80,0002; 43 Rohilk. & Kumaon, Ld.,4 %.... 99 101 
Zz Name. Companies. | Prices. Do Fulham Exten. do 4 A a ee 11,418 900! 100 Scinde, Pun., & Delhi, “A”An, 22: = F 
— L&N.W.&GWils 16. De i Perpetual Gu “163 165 eet | 100 south Inia ian Guarantesd 6 % % 127 129 | 
4% uar. ...} 100 uaraD L I if 
| Do abe Pre scoreee HO W.&G W118 7 Midland 4% Gon. Per. BUCh(16 18 ssooo00t { | 199 “Do, do 43 } 
100 Colchester, Stour Valley |Great Eastern | ... Do 4 uaranteed Pref.../116 18 426,0007 100 | ecb 40 4 3 Debenture Stk. 115 117 of 





North British, Con. 4 % No. 1/110 12 
North-Eastern, Consol. 4 %.../115 117 

Do C. N. E. 4% pure. seveee} soe oe 
pee wont ry a BY Laas 1a 


2,130,5602 100 tta (guar). i 103 105 + 
20,660 15 Do he Gee . 
1,200,000 100 Do4 % Debenture Stock .. “68 107 
2,000, 0004 100 Nizam’s State—5 % Guar...... ‘109 111 fi 
1,000,000 100 | Do Mort. Debentures, 4% 96 98 . 
80,000 20 West of India Portuguese 5 %| 204 20% 
550,000 100 | Do 5 % Debenture Stock ...'110 112 


100 Lincotsh, guar. 6 % Gt. Northern..| ... ... 
Gt. Westn. Bristol & | 
Exeter, & Sth. Devon } | AssociatedCo.s) . 
| ( Co.’s 4b 4 ea Te Se 
100 London and Blackwall ,..'Great Eastern /125 127 
iG: Beet a TUE sins theameges 125 127 
100 London and Greenwich... |Sth.- Eastern...| 71 73 
100 | Dodo, Preference .. TR aivaemnaaint ee ons 














orthe East. 100 ar vrs 4) {125 227 ‘Barren POSsESSIONS, 
= a -, and iY ort ir sak tee _ 165,001 100 Taff Vale, No. - 230 oP 1uu0 ae eS — Z, Shrs.. i 13 
sewer eneoeree ae eeeeercerees) eee wee a — re 10 Lake eed 9 
0 cones oma on __.. | PAMPEREXOE SuARES axD Stoous, wire DrviDanpa 7004! 100 | Do Ist Mt. 5} 7 Perp. Bd 79133-1295 
100 Nottin & Grantham! ConTiNegnt ON THE Prorirs or Eacu 000!) 1 Do 2nd Mort... 123 125 





and Canal... Gt. Ly ne 7 
26 Preston as ot Weer « woveee LGN. W, &LY Sarazars YEas. 
100 | Royston, Hitch. & Shep. | Gt. Northern..| ... ... 936 
100 | Shrewsbury & Hereford’ 
6% Rent ent Charge... &N.W.&GtW! ..._... 


100 a 4 % ae - on 110 112 
sequbsdooyeeees ite: LER 











DeBENTURE STOCKS. 













| | 
_soserd te & Merthyr A...... 4 %}102 * 
B...... 4 Z| 86 

S681 100 \caledonian ecient mr so 
a8 00d 100 ‘Cornwall, Guaranteed... ag 125 27 


843,0002 100 \Cornwall ‘Minerale... wee 6 Z/109 12 
ds .. 2179 $1 


ai 
nn 
3 
& 
E> 
if 
ive 
i 
r 
a 
. 


465,5902 100 | East satecmnieit, v ‘ : 
ORE ORS Doct eercee es . reat Northern, 4} % Pref....1126 : 
' 10002 100 | Do 1874....cccccceccessrene 90 110 Do t %p 1BTB  secenesneoner 186 127 
y 0002 100 Do 1876... cnt 30 Do 4h % 1877 seseeoe vossesss.| 124 3 
200,002 100 See eae Do 4 % 81, Con. 1 Sept. *|111 113 . 
1,643,847 100 nanan 15 Do 4%, U982ecvsssseseeeeseeeene- [UL UB | 


leon 
et 


2,405,618 100 |G w & ww & §.-Western. os 

5,887,5252 100 \Great Eastern....... everenes 

1,510,0002 100 io et 

2,837,120 100 | Do B 1867 ‘Redeemable 

E 48,2172 BOD |. DD snrrronnserosesninsorosoe 

687,7142 100 | Lo East covees 

95,4651 100 |Great North Seotinnd 

8,340,504 160 [Great Northern .......0 4 
9,451,228; 100 ‘Great Western “ 

918.9662, 100 


ILILILINLILILILILILL 
c 
Dae 
oe 
@ 


Set 
& 


5% 

5%, SARE coreerrenetomner 130 : 
5% A ccpnccnnpsnectoentiel he oe 
convertible, 1884 . stnenpiliel at aan 
convertible, 1888 .........j226 23 
Do convertible, 1889 .........\121 123 


5,281,880 4 100 | Metro politan, Consolidated...|1123 13} Cornwall 4 % sessessessesseeee core 23 125 640,820/| 100 | Do 5 % Preference .......... 1:7 139 
83 270; 100 | Do ie resivs, vais wee oe HT. ~— Bridge 4% sssersesevee-/112 114 280,0001| 100 oe reae ecto san 


8395s 





‘eas 100 eieaiiteminicses: © 110 
4,777,601 100 ica ‘and N.-Western 4 § 124 





THE ECONOMIST. [April 30, 1887. 


ene enema tet TNT tice i 
RAILWAYS, | RAILWAYS. __ COMMERCIAL, INDUSTRIAL, ac, 


foruien Rarway Oaireations.—Con. Name. C tomn x 
sii | Price, 
Closing 
Nane. | Prices. 


Parts Lyons. & M. (Fusion Nouvelle) 8 %| 143 153 


. Artivas Geteoens’ Son, &C | op off 
[Piraeus Athens, &c., Ist Mortgage., 6 % = ~O4 Do Preference’ OL, Ord, | Toh al 


Artizans’, Lab., and | 10 i 
ES OTE TEN 3: Do px} Preference... 5 103 
18 Bilbao Rivr. Peeen ma sindsiaieninsibuaabuaaiie ‘ 1 “teat een Lm. Pret. iia - 
20 (Brazil Gt. Southern ...| 134 26) | 100. peomernene aioe Bee | Avlesbuty Dairy Company, ii.” 
20 Brazin. Imp. Cntl. Bahia, .7% i is ? a aes Factories... 
eo 10 | Do Extension, caer 184 uyrns & Casmabe Ist Mort. Dobe... % 103 Barrett's Brewers, her?) oe 
; 20 Sov eevee sense } - see eee 
ee ae aT a oe k . 20 | Do 1871 (Series x. de 3% ‘9 Bod on yore, U Lim., 4 Shares . 
10 | Dos% Preference Shares.. B. Morris and Sons. 
Do 5 % Debenture Stock .. 0 | Brighton Aquarium .., 
.|Buenos Ayres Northn.,L.,Ord| 75 30 4} /| Brooke, Simepaon, & Spiller, L., “ A”) 
.| Dos % 145 50 10 |Brunner, Mond, and any aman 
| Do 6 ~ Debenture Stock .../106 107 2) Do.. adh ay 
Do Mort, Debenture Stock|108 11 110 7 nee 7% Preference 
6% nture 
60,000} 36 ‘Buenos Ayres & P. 7% Pref.| 23 ‘ah 
100 ‘Buenos Ayres & R. Ord. Stk.)!55 ¢ 
10 | Do? % Preference Shares..| 35 
oe Sunchales Ext Shares.. 


5 |Bryant & May, Lim. 
a 
% Debenture pee #5, 


Sit wl 
100 Cantareira Wtr. Suppl y, &0., 1.6 Di 102 104 
City Ofices, Limi yt : % bs 6h 7h 


oi 
Mortgage Bonds shila j400 102 
- City, of $b Mort Brewery, L or ‘Pret 45 47 
12 |\City of London Real Proper rty 16 17 
g (Cie. Geni. des Asphaltes do F. Lisa 9 a 
k./100 A | 18 20 


} Palace, A ..... 2 
Do. Permnt. 6 % Deb. Stock 5| 5 ot tine, Limited ........) 8 8) > Stk. B Redeemable... oe 2} 3h 
we 260 20 |Conde d’Eu, "Tim, goat Th 13) 18 30h | Ook Do 6 % ture Stock . ofl tes Do ¢ Debenture Stock .. + sve 83 8 
8,400 


Name. 


0 Barcelona, LAD IBOd oc ccs ccvceece ee 3 Consolidated . “4 48 53 
Belfast Street Tramways .... ° ue Dalgety and Co., Lim... seeevnsoos| 7 


4 
Birkenhead, Ordinary  ............000 5 seetle ae 
Do 6 % Preference és giee | af 100 poets oe tual Deb. Stock...” 167 10 , 


tee ze, and Go., Li 6 6 
Bordeaux Tramway & ; ag eee Limited ea aoe 4} 44 


10 Eley Brothers, Limited... | 87, 39 


a English & Australian Co: it * i 
Bristol, Limited .. 44 Forder and Co... Per, Lim., i 


Buenos Ayres & Belgrano, L., Pret. 5} SR | Fore Street aceon. aa “las f 
Do 6 % ist Debenture Stock... 4 rors Pett oe 
(Calais, Limited... -| 2 3 6 |General Hydraulic Power, Limited . 
‘Calcutta, Limited Nos. ito 25, 050. il oe 10 (G. Kynoch and Co., L., P reference, Sas 
\Carthagena & Hers. Steam Lim. ... 5| 5 \H son, Barber, be €o., Limited... 
coupes rec amnanart icc] 93,10, | a0 | § HOR. Wnty anda, Lo a Prt 
ren 5 gsons’ Kingston "Brew ry, Lim... 

_ ooo 6 % Deben. — a 103 0 MY 4 oe eet si 
‘Edinburgh Street ‘Tramways ... 5 owell and James 

9 w Tramway & Omnibus, y aR 
Hull Street Tramwa, 


100 |Copiapo.. oie sea 
60,487 - i\Costa Rica . 
20 /Donna Ther Chris, L. 7 % Pret. 
Dunabu om gem ses 1 
an 94 ee ik at ae 
ina m., gua. 
debentures... {118 120 
Grand Russian Shares ......... . 
Gt. West. of Brazil, L. g. 7% 18} ‘9 
Do 6% Debenture Stock .../118 12¢ 
Imp.Braz. Nat. & N.0, Lg. id x 7 t 
La Guaira & Caracas... 


04,2011 100 Se ee 
2,654; 1008 100 | Do lst’Preference®% .... “hes 197 


100 Do 2nd doé % 85 Stk. 100 Snegeres Industrial Dw ellings, &.. 


a Wood Pavement, Lim 


6 |im Limited, Nos. 1 to 17,700 is Rubber, Gutta Percha, &c., 


Do 4} % Debentures .. nwahseadt 
coster (NOS. 1 tO 5,000) .....se000.) ver ve 100 J, Jensen and Co., Limited 


Liverpool 0° Reid & John Moi 
10 n Moir and Son . 
ey teaen sesessceceeceeecsccseeee] BO st 100 |La Guaira Corporation Deb. Stock. 


Do 5 % Debenture Stock .. sgn 20 | 99 | Liebig’s Extract of Meat, Limited . 


Linoleum Manufacturin Limited... 
London General Omnibus Co., “Lim. |219 224 1 Limi * 
London aed Temweys Leseahdunas | 205 | 2% "7 —— = ow ee a 
North Metro ‘. i Do De Perpeiaal 62 i Preference... 
Do New, Divd. for Jan., 1888. 20 London & Glasgow Eng. & IronShip, L. 
6 6 i Maxim-Weston Electric, Limi one 


96,650] 10 SFr Quik ec 14 ited rrnnnn| € : Ses eis _ 
100 |“ Do. 6 % Debenture Stock... -| 53 53 Nd punpbenepumnennenneve che g | National Safe De 
9004 100 Recife & aan Fee, Same, gua. 20 102 5 | Native Guano, : 
‘ 20 Riga and Dunaburg ............) 14} 25 g |Nelson Brothers, Limited . 
10 Ro al Sardinian ............00000- -04 bs 10 | Neuchatel Asphalte, Limited 
4% 5) 10! Do. 7% Preference 
435 ‘Nevada Land and Cattle ........, 


Do. 5 % Debentures sersvscccon ot tes! Pathe Limited 
Vienna General aaeaes sovesaccccse| 22 Bh 10 \Nobel’s - Explosives, Limited 
Wolverhampton, Limited _ ms o_ 5 ‘Nordenfelt Guns, &e., Limited 

“TELEGRAPHS AND TELEPHONKS. 1e0 orion rowers a Stock 
Bds. 100 African Direct, L.,4% Debentures 9° 99 | 10 
Amencan, Limi 7 


10 Preference ..........+++ ieee 
6 | Ro al Swedish... sanaaliehs 
4) Preference ........... 

20 Sambre and Meuse.........00.... 


oe and ae Limited . 


scarene 


si 39 5 
mitehieremepeimned aon eee | | OE a4 
a a 15 16 b om er River Cattle, Limited ” 
10 | 10 | Brazilian Submarine, Limited ......| 108 102 | 10 10 Preferred .. ae 
100 |100 Do 6 % Bonds 1102 nt 10 ‘Prairie Cattle, Limited . ce 
3,Con. Telephone and Maintenance, L.| f 16 16 'Price’s Patent Candle Company, Lim 
10 (Cuba, Limited .........cecscrcessersesesnes 12° 124 | 100 |100 Recife Drainage, Limited, 5 % Deb. 
10| Dol0% Preference... mesgotegpeinenst: aa. ae 10} 1 |R. Goldsbrough and Co., Limited . 
9 Direct ish, a eee tenesnqsigee " ;: 10 : ‘Richard Hornsby and Sons, Limited 
10; Dol0 eicens npsone 100 |100 |. Do 5% Debentures 
20 le, i ob 25 | 26 Riode Janeiro City Improv., Lim .. 
10 Eastern, Limited .......cccc.scccessesee | 10} 31 10 iRiver Plate Fresh Meat, Limited 
0/10) Dos % Preterence .. | 13h 4 | 40 |Robert Campbell and Sons, Limited 
200 | = : g Debontares, repay. "1887. 10) 202 a o— Aquarium, &c., Limited .,.... 
|100 _ «106 109 5) 6| 6% Preference... 
[t09 . ‘ 4 Deb. St0CK....cssessecsosere, ./101 103 | 10| 2 Royal Niger Co, Chartered & Lim.. 
Eastern Extension, Limited ......... | 18 $28) 40] a Do tully paid...... Bi 
100 | Dee Debentues, repay. 1591... 104 107 20 | 15 \Sadler and Co., Limited. 
100 | Do 5 1900., 102 104 10 | 8 |3amuda Brothers, Limited . 
|L00 |Eastern & Sth Afron 5 % Mor Deb.'101 103 | 30 7} Samuel Allsopp and Sons, Limited... 
rman Union Tel. al. & d 10 | 10! 74) Do Preference see 


ustrian . 
80,00; 20 8, Brazil R. G. do Sul 7% Shs oly 2 
1,074,6541 100 Doé % Irrd. Deb. Stock ...|1'6 18 

0004 100 Swedish Cent., L., Deb. Stk. 747 
216,100! er Do 5 Z Preference 1 
‘ee reer 
45,000 20 ‘Var%na......ccercscreesseees 
23,757| +8} West Fland ioc 
14,000, 10 | Do 54 % Preference Ss 
14,000) _10 | _Do Sane nema naapeeenenengeeomaemen 


| 
nd.| Name. 
100 | 
20 \Belee alte Prtugse) Nos. 1to121,117 8% ‘ 
64 


Bergslagernas waved 
100 eee Gt. Southern “Mort. Debs. 6 41104 106 
Br rial Gon. = i zu ‘ 
ma gO! ae oon 04 
EES ef Anot, guar. by “2 A 9% 
60 Charkow-Krementachug ug, do.. : 
00 Conde d’Eu Debentu sbeaoeane 
09 Costa Rica Ist Mort. Debs’ Iie wopeiessac SOD 
60 ‘Donna Thereza Chrstna., L. 6} Deb. 54%) 23 
"20 Eastern of France 15 


rn of 
100 ‘Havana Rail. Ist Mort. 7 % Bonds aT gine 
‘Imp. Brazilian Natl & en ‘Cruz Serip6} 7 
106 ‘Kursk Charkow-AZow ..........cccereeees 
100 Matanzas and Sabanilla . ‘ 
100 [Minas and Rio 6 % Debentures .. 
100 Mogyana (Brazil) Deb. Bonds ....... 
100 Moscow-Jaroslaw. —_* by Russia ... 
100 Moscor--Koursk 1889 .. 
‘Nassjo-Oscarshamn, Geries Aand B. 
Yatl. Pisco to Yca, reg. . 
Vitrate Railways, Lim. ist Mt. Bnds. re ad 
‘ De Gate Charlerol . af * ee rss bho yas teense Wickens, Pease, wee Co ale’ | # 
, _ orn Spain, Priori eb ven een ens een ses ngseee ces 2 Ww. B. Fordham and Sons, Limite : 
100" — one Frio Do Deferred... parece a Young's | Paraffin Light & Min. oil, ‘Ll 6} _8 
Do Assenting (Seraikeuy) ....... 0 1: on 109 Do 6 % Debentures A, 191 os 34 
Do Non-Assenting do” .....8 y'109 :11 | 100 100 | Do @ /, Mortgage Debs. Bil COAL, IRON. AND STEEL. 
Do § X Debentures wwvnninnns 100 102 a = athena { iD To Barrow Hematite Stoel, Limited...) 3 5 
, Seraikeuy Ext. De Pisin cose one ¢ ¥: 98 - BH 10 ae 8 9 
Aneicanee 


Debentures, red. 1918 ...6 Z/106 106 
6 8 
> 


10 
is jpg Telegu & Trust, Lite +3 


64 | 100 | 75 | Do 44 % Debenture Stock .. 
Preference . Larch 


1 Simson and Mason, Limited... 


2 reat orthern of Copenhagen ... 18 3 6 \Smith, Garrett and Co, Lim., 01 
100 | Do 5 % Debentures tis of an 102 os Ok te Peek 


Do. 
= Do 5 % Debentures (issue of 1883)'102 = 5 Spratt’s Patent, Limited . 
25 \Indo-E Limited .,..,......... oe 5 | De (America), Limited 
Limi a at 5 | Do (Russia), Limited .. 


.§ Tambracherry Estates, Limited .. 
7 12 | 12 \Telegraphic Construction, &c., Lim 

“ash 190" 24 Do 2nd Bonus Fret Certificates 

6 6 ‘Tramways an ene orks, 

6 [United Telephone, Limited... an 7 10 | 10 Unit. a & Vorwohle pees 7 

2}|_ Do New, issued at 2/ prem......... 20 | 20 'United States Rolling Stoc 
10 West African Telegraph, en a b 100 1100 Do 6% Debentures ... ’ 

'1004 Dod % Debentures .................. 95 10 | 10 |Val de Travers Asphaite ‘Paving, ‘L. 184 44, 
aie and Co., L., 5 % Deb. Stock)117 a oh 


eee 
S2tRRs: 


PENI IDOE LOE rR 


BAG 


Welford and eh Limited 


Do 6 % Second Preference .........| 5) 6 ne Do 6 % Pref. ...... 3 
Do Tireh Exteu. Deoentures........ . ester Stat + bimited 16} 17 


—————————————- 









April 30, 1887. ] 
_ COAL, IRON, AND STEEL.—(Con.)_ 
2 hi 


| Prices. 














10 | “hy Consett Iron, Limited . i 
23 on Ebbw Vale Steel, Iron, and “Coal, i 


4 4 


THE ECONOMIST. 


CANALS AND DOCKS. —{Con. ) 


dd 

























essences nea 
‘ 





TEA AND COFFEE. 





Name, 








3 
Ge 
20 |Assam Tea 
20 
20 








6 | 5 Englsh Crown Spelter . ........... 190 ‘100 | larand Junction Canal .. aeotes vn £20 112 ite 44 4€ 
100 | 75 John Brown & Co., Limited ......... 63 72 Stk.|100 ull Dock. | 88 38 British Indian Tea, Limited | & $5 
1000 100 Lehigh & Wilkes B’rre Cl.,1 M.6 %St 93 102 | Stk 100) wo 4 % Debenture Stock .. | 92 95 Darjeeling Tea, Limited ... 24 2% 
10 10 Marbella Iron Ore, Lim. ............... 8) 4 | Stk./100} Do4 96 99 10 | 10 | Eastern Limited ... ea” eke 
10, 6})/Muntz’s Metal, Lim. . | 56 6 | Stk.}100 | London and St Katharine Dock... 35 «37 20 | 20 |Jorehaut Tea, Limited . 43 45 
62 lenge ae lo and’ Blaina “Preferred” 42 16 | Stk.'100 | Do Debenture Stock, 4 %... ~ 101 163 10 | 10 | Lanka Plantations, Limited at eS 
4 28 Nerbu dda Coal and Iron, Limited... 4 14 | Stk.|100 |Lndn & St. Kath, Dk. 44 % Pref.... 94 98 | 10/ 10 Lebong Tea, Limited .. vidveccel Mae a 
10. 10 |Nwpt. Abrern. Bir, Vein.Stm.CL, Li 6 6 Stk. 100 | Do 44 ¥ New Preference Sababocsieds | 90 95 10 | 10 |Luckim ig Co. ‘of ‘Assam, L.j 6 7 
* 20 New Shariston Colliories, L., Pre... 74 3h | Stk. 10C | Do 44 % vs seesereee, 82 SC | 10] 10 [Ouvah wimg ae 4 

20 |Pelsall Coal and Iron, Liited rom 2 3 | Stk. 100 Millwall Dock .. 62 45 | 10] 10 |Upper damm Tea, Limited ....0....-| 2 14 
% Rhymney Iron, Limited .........00.0. $ ig Stk 100 | Do Preference, 43 3 i saaltebedeansti 96 1C0 
5 4 Do New ...... eceeagacee Stk. 100 be : % Perpetual Preference .. {113 116 SS —= 
00 |106'| Do 9x Debentures. 1800 7 | o7'101. | serinne | [o =. feet. 


10 | 10 \sydney and Louisburg Coal and | 



















Railway, L., ey _— 1 2 | Stk./100 |Regent’s = = 
10| 6| Dol0% lst Preference v.00 | 7 9 | Stk./100 Southam ton ens 
10| 10) Do6 % 2nd Preference ..........0«| 8 6 | Stk.{100| Do 4}% Debenture Stock... honaden Closing 
10 | 9 |Vancouver Coal, Limited..............| 3f 44) 20 | 20 Suez Canal Shares .. Paid Name. 
100 100 | Vickers, Sons & Co., Lim ............/210 215 Stk. '700 | ‘Surrey Jommercial race Prices. 
25 | 93 |West Cumberland Tron & Steel. L. Lo 5 5 ee ee 
r & INVEST MENT] _ : si cee 1 |DevonGreat Consols,L| 2 2 
FIN Aes ABD, Se <a 171 iv) 10 /Aiswance @ Dud, Vousums, max. wn 18} 19} 4/2/0 | East essceeceeees| one owe 
10 | J ,Agricultural ot Mauritius, Limt Lh Hy 10 | 10 | cS 124 134 soy East Lovell............. 5 a 
20 | 2 Americn. Freehld. La. Mt. of Lon. 2d | 20 | 20 ‘Bahia, Amited <.....sccsccosccosecorsce | 22. 24 Great Laxey, Limited...| 7} “3} 
Stk 100 |American Investment Trust, L, Pref. 115 :13 | “g | 72 (Bombay, Limited . ocean Me 1 ston DwnsCon., L.| ... ... 
Stk" 100 | mare eenered renelven ne 2 we 5| 4| Do New.. hegib hte we am ah Marke Valley cevewes| ove 
5 % has been paid to Preferred) -12 °15 | gtk |109 poe wow Consolidated 223. 23 Prince of Wales ........-| ex see 
4 |Aseate Realization, L. ... 7. 7! 90 / 20 IBrighton and Hove Gen. Orig. .....| 41 43 7 South Caradon, Limited “ 
10 | 2 [Australasian Mort. and Agency, le 24.22) 20'| 20 |British Gas Light ... doe OM 08 10/0 |South Condurrow ...... 6} 7} 
25 | 214) Austranan — tural ....... 25 -30_ | 10,| 10 |Buenos Ayres (New), Limited........ 13 th '10/17/0. South Wheal 9 20 
10 | 5 [Auteaien & & X Bert, Tis sessses f 100 100 | Do6 % Debentures ..........0.00.-- 107 109 13/2/6 frm Overt Licenses pila 13) 14} 
Aus. Mort. Land, and Finance. L.) 172 St | 20 | 20 \Cagiiari Gas and ‘Water, Limited... 36 37 4} |Van, Limited. oo ar 
oe loo Do4% Debenture Stock. ......... : 103 205 | gtk. 100 |Commercial .. }26L ¢ 7/15/0 | West Bassett . 3 
10 | 3 |British and American Mortgage, | 2 Stk.|100 | Do New Stock .. veser aw 200 205 - |90/10/6, West Wheal Seton ... sae of 
25 | 2b /British & Australasian. T.& dacs cit .t2 | Stk./100 | Do 4} % Debenture Stock ........ 190 : 8/9/6 |Wheal Bassett . 
80 | 80 | British American Land... sevenvennonseesl £9 31 | 20 | 20 /Continental Union, Limited . 40 41 . {15/12/0|Wheal Grenville ......... : 
1} 1 \Canada Com | 335 | 90/14 Do New, 1800 & 1872... LEE TS 27 28 
‘| i aeree West Tana €o., ae of 3h) 20| 20| Do7 x breterence .. seneeen| $83 
1 en rgentin otnoes 10 | 10 | Euro) bres psicinaaietin 
5 | 1 \Gol. Invest. & Agency of N. Zea. L.| 1 1 10 4 athens aruba see} 15 165 COLONIAL AND FOREIGN MINES, 
20 leas One eee Bxyption esc Pr “ 10| 6 | DoNew.. ool Lo lg 
100 /1 Do Lan Stk.|100 Gas Light and Coke A, ‘Ordinary .. 258 242 
60 | 10 |Credit Foncier of Mauritius, Limited 8} a} Stk.|100 | Do B. 4% Maximum . 90 95 } geste aan ve P 
Stk. 100 |Foreign, American and General) = == | stx'/100 | DoC, D, & E, 10 % Pret ‘erential... -|248 253 hog 
Investments Trust, Lim., Pret... ate a Stk.|100 | DoF,5 - he v=-|116 121 if [ Consclidated silve 
Stk.,100 | Do Deferred “L Pret Ha a Stk./100 | Do G, 74% — |179 384 U Mining Limited . i 3 
Btk.|100 |Foreign and Col. Gov. Trust, a Stk.|100 | Do H, 7 { Maximum......... vse 68 260 10 ‘|Anglo-Atres 
Stk. 100 7 Def. receives no divd. unti ‘ Stk.|100 | DoJ, 10 % Preference ... vn 247 252 | Limited .........<| 1} 2} 
% has been oo Preterted,,. ‘24227 | Ste l100 | Do 4, % Debenture Stock... wf 13 115 1 leon Mineo Limited aa 
Stk | ‘100 eeteedioeate Stock Investment, 9 zs Stk.|100 | Do4}% - '120 122 73 |Australian ..... 1 15 | 
14 | 13 Hudson’s Bay “Lim. 7 = Stk. 109 | Do 6 % seesessseees( 162 165 2 (Brateberg Copper ...... 6 
1 | 24){mperial Soamenme Tnvestmen } 49 5 10 0 | Hong Kong and China sn ieChulataiimiaiit 20 22 3 lan Go . 
10 | 5 \{nternational Financial Society, L,| Fe Stk. a rial Continental... sevee-/ 215 219 5 maited 
: 9 i ted .. 6 ul . 
$|London &. S. African Exp. .. 5| 5 \nan ta & Mediterranean, Limi | 5} 8 pper is 24 25 
S| 8 |Land Corporation of Canada, L im.| 1 83) 2], Mauritius, Limited 1 1 lOnpntaten nited ...... ais 
P 17, 2@\Land Mortgage of India, Limited) 7 1 100 |100 | Metropol. of Melbourne 5x0 ‘Deben. /108 110 6 (Colorado hamel Lim...| 3 1 
(100 | Dob % Debentures..........+..ereees- 100 102 20 20 |Monte Video, Limited .................) 18} 12} ‘“ : 
{ E pt, Lim. 4 2 8} |Copiapo, Limited 2§ 35 
20, | 5 |Land and Mortgage o aye > *s < 5 Oriental, Limited 94 93 1 /Devila Magee Gold, 
100* 100 | Do 5 % Mort. Deb. (red. in a 9 | ¢ 3 Se Mew... | 8 88 ee & 
Se ee ey nin OF ST ig] 1) De men, Ie | 1g 2% Don Pedro, &c., Limited] % % 
20 | 10 |Towa Land ae } 10} 5 | 5 \Ottoman, Limited 64 ¥ 1 |Empire, Limited ......... 3k 3 
60 | 6}!London Financial Association, Lim.| ... i | 10] 10 |Para, Limited .............6 sorcssorceeees 3h 4 % |Fortuna, Limited.........) 4 if 
10 | 1 |Manitcba Mortgage and Invest., Li 43 1, | 20 | 20 Rio de Janeiro, Limited . df the. ead % |Frontino and Bolivia 
10 | 2 /Mauritius Land, &., Limited......... 23:9 10 | 10 {San Paulo, Limited . | 14 35% a) eee 
50 | 50 |Municipal Trust, Limited, Ordinary| 33 95 Stk.|100 |South Metrepotiten, 4 Z.. seeeeee/ 803 308 1 indian : 
19 10 Natal Land & Colonisation Or. ran 72 73 Stk. 100 Do B. acon 744 ' Limited $ 3 ii 
6; 5| Do8 % Preference .. sees 6 6b | atk 100 | DoC. - 260 270 10 |Kimberley North Block 
25 | 5 |National Discount, Liraited ........ 104 11 Sti. |100 | Do Perpetual ‘5 ¥ Debent. ‘Stock|130 184 . lh 2 
10 | 1 |Nat. Mort. & Agency of N. Zeaind, L, 3 | 6 |Tottenham & Edmonton Ges ats it 1 |La i 
10 | 2 |New 8. Wales M. Loan & Ag L...{ 13 1 “and Coke Original .. 10 11 Smelting Li ted Ba 
25 | 2i|New Zealand tun. & Mere. Agency, i | 38 a. - a ro So spammed & a 
100 ‘100 ° 'e . Dec fp cvvees 5S 97 
10 3 |N Zealand Mort.&Invest.Assoctn.,L| .., soe WATERWORKS, le oa a ae — 
10} 5 |N. Zealand Thames Valley Land..' 2 38 eect 2 |Montana, Limited ..... 3} 8} 
2% | 6 How Benland rest & Lenn, Limited 124 194 | 20 | 20 Antwerp, Limited . Veit sek Se l 
2 | 25 | Do Preference .. vseoe:] 98 29 | gtk.|100 ‘Chetsea, Ordinary .. ween 233.238 Limited .......... 6 6} 
8 83 |Newfoundland Land, Limited” ooceee § @ | “go | 20 City of St. Petersburg, “Limited ae 18/ |New Chile Gold, L.......| 3 & 
Stk 100 |North British Australasian, Wim... 24 Sel 3G} BO Wlstet Caley ecaessccsccccnscscch abedsnesee 83 9 le |New Emma Silver Min- 
Stk. 100 Do 6 % Irredeemable Guaranteed &2 87 S3tk.'100 ‘East London....... eas senses 197 202 ing, Limited .. s 
1018 | oe eb Hed Ane] oo | "60 | 56 Grand Sanction Maximum io foi ie] 1 |New Potosi Ordinary .. id 
208. Aah ent .. coneee{ 252 2 1 Do 10 % Preference | ... .. 
6/1 and Southiand Invest. Lim. | ii Ce eh.|208 Reus "Lim gear Tg 12 ’ one d Mining, 
Stk. 100 |Peel River Land & Mineral, Limited.| s2 s4 | 10 | 7 Kimberley, Litnites cosrwssrssowsee| O08 bo Limited, Defer 
10 uecnsland Invest. & Land Mort.,L| 28 af 100 '100 Do 7h % «. va eave. 184 189 Ordinary te in 
20 | 10 ilway Debenture Trust, ott | Stk. 100 } Do 4 % Debenture Stock . 112 114 19/ Do 10 Z Minimu: 
100 |100 | Do 5 % Debentures... sooseefh 2 S14 | 160 1100 iNew River, New ..... v.oe-(886 841 Preference ... . 3 
‘Stk.'100 || Do 44% Debenture Stock...........|103 205 Stk. 100 Do 4% Debenture Stock ............113 116 4 |Panulcillo Copper,Lim| 2 24 
10 | 10 |Railway Share Trust, Limi ted, A... ie St Stk. 100 | Do Debenture Stock B .. ls 116 8 |Pestarena United Gold, 
20 | 20] Do B6 x Preference .. ~~] 24, 25 | “90 20 Odessa, Limited, A 6 % Preferred ...|_ 3} 4} OP sasenis 7 
10 | 2 |River Plate Trust Loan, &., Lim... st | 100 1100 Pernambuco Ist Debenture Bonds/103 106 20 baud Silver Lea 
stk ° Soottiah haeslan Investanent, i 196 a 20 20 ‘Shanghai, Limited .. | a ning and Smeit 4 4) 
-/100 nv ment, . - Vauxhall, ‘Ordinary, 166 17 i eseees oe sese 3 £ 
Stk. 100 ee ee | | 20 oi so mee 16 7 nS Phils ao 
- 100 vs A sicsitinoiianc sae ame Colonial 
o'/ 1/8. Atrican Loan M Mort. 80. (.)..=] | Sth 100 'Wost Middleses_-- zd : Femi er 
5 | 20 |South Au . Richmond Consolidates 
, 10| 9/8. Aus Land Mort. and ‘Ae’ ie ‘| og 26 SHIPPING. Mining, Limited | 4} 43 
$ 100 '100 |3tock Exchange 4% Deb. ’81.. ea i a= Sica Ship” 7. Tinto, Lim. 
: Crt./100 |Submarine Cables Trust... | 20, 16 African Steam . ? sarecmeresemonont: os Bonds, 10C 10. 
- 7 | 3 "De and Soouey of Australasia, L 3 a 1 | | Amazon oe Packets, all sparen es oj Do 6 % 2nd Moi 945 95} 
opvees aneovuetnee 3g | 'Castle Mail etseeteeetsioes a4 
10 | 10 |, Do 8x aoat, Sines | 112 12) 20 | 10 |Cunard Steam Shipping, Limited .. “epee d Dunderberg 
}| 20! 5 |Trust & Loan Coupeny of Canada...| 4 5} 20 20' Do - ee engages A feo td. Mining 
20 | 3] DoNew. | 2 2 | 15 | 15 (General rete avigation ee Sas mae 
| 10! 6 \Union Discount of London. Lim... 743 10,10 Dod % ph ere ee | 7h 8 Scottish Australian, L...J 2] 21 
6 | 2 \Union Mort. & Agency of Australia | 10/10) Do5%Z,1 ae aes binalbe 02... Pa Do NeW veccecceeeee] 1g 1g 
| (Limited) Ordinary’ ........ aiveseal 2) 33/ 6] 6 ‘Merchant $ pping, Limited... | tb 2h ns = egal 
6 6] Do6% Preference ...... ‘| 6] 7 | 10| 10 National ae hey et ih ne Se 
10 | 7 United States and South American! / 10| 6 New Zealand . pp Ses if 8 Plumas Eureka... 4 
i Investment Trust (Limited) ...... | 102 114 , 10 | 10 jOrient Sing Oona Sai aol er a St John del Rey,| 
ie 1°0 | ‘100 United States mee 6 ae j10t 7 ; 60 | 50 Peninsular an ental Steam ...... t+ - ceased 140 43 
a ! 130 30 |Van _Diemen’s Land ' 24 ' §0/}20 Do New, ae Boat, gees ee is Sulphur, and: 
io | A) JPN Se prefercnce “sesso ‘23 ree eee oe 
° { , 
< eS ee ee te ere pe ca ac A 10 | Rove! tinil Steam Shipping, eed 38° 46 Limited, A ais 
; 20 | 20 Alexandra(Nwprt.&S. 5) saan 16 {7 | bien, Gitte A eo POT RS Cae 1 
100 100 | Do 4 ¥ Per. Deb. Stock. j2€0 103 | 10} 10 ‘Shaw, a Sip ums cated vevesse} 185 243 United Mexican, Lim..| 3 2 
Stk. 100 (Birmingham Canal... vee{118 15 | 90 | 28 (De New ne same ; 
l /East an West In Dock . + 3 i of New Zealand ll 1 808 Ob ees eeeeee 
gtk f00 | Do 4 % Debenture tock "| $3 7 10! 10 (Union Steain Ship 0 41% a 





10 | 10 (wouter Harbour 4 % Guar. ...... 


























BRITISH MINES. 






















~ameasiarereereiegs< terete tate mera 





oa 
aa 


SEAR Teg erbee 


MPEP et: 


STA a LG TLS a I TT TT a WET 


a 


ny ener 

































p= nen a a ea 


Continued from page 571. 
Ricr.—A cargo of 1,700 tons Rangoon, March, sold at 6s 7}d open 


charter. 


THE ECONOMIST. 


at the fol 


Tatuow.—1,567 casks Australian went at about 6d decline, and 


about 940 casks sold in the room. 
LONDON 


has been dull at the ee _ 


60s to 120s 


Mu ee 
os secccecees $05 t01908 


Regents Champions 


POTATO MARKET. 
There has been a moderate supply of potatoes on sale, and trade 


itto . 
American Liverp 
American-kil 
American-killed fore qrs. 


Per Ton. 


FURNISH THROUGHOUT (Resa) 


hind qrs, 3 


[April 30, 1887. 


LONDON MEAT MARKET. 


The su ply on offer has been large, and trade has beea very bad 
Ss owing quotations :— 


Per 8 Ibs by the carcase 


d 
to 3 Veal (Dutch) ......... 
0 | Inferior mutton 
6 | Middling ditto 
6} Prime ditto 


. Scotch ditto 


‘ 
8 


oo 
° 


coctmenacea 
ft mo Cote cece toe 
|} wermonoocoon 
eer © ONS @ 


{ 


OETZMANN & CO., 


67, 69, 71, 73, 75: 77, and 79, 


HAMPSTEAD ROAD, 


(Ngan Torrenntam Court Roan.) 


DRAPERY, FURNISHING IRONMONGERY, 


Orders per Post receive prompt ond faithful attention, | 


EBONIZED CABINET. 
Four bev = silvered plates at back, 
4 {t. wide, 75s. 


BANK OF NEW SOUTH WALES. 


Established 1817.—Notice is hereby given, that 
at a Haif-Yeariy General Meeting of we Proprietors, 
held This Day, within the head ng-house of the 
Corporation, in Sydney, a DIVIDENDS on the Capital 
Stock of the Bank was declared at the rate of 15 ver 
cent., and Bonus of 24 per cent., er annum, being 8 
per cent. for the half-year ended st March’ last, an 
that the same will be payable at this Office on and 
after the 6th proximo, on the Capital Stock standing 
= _ London Regi:ter.—By Order of the London 


a DAVID GEORGE, Secretary. 
No. 64 Old Broad street, London, April 20, 1887. 


RANK OF NEW ZEALAND.— 


Notice is hereby given, “y at the Half-Yearly 
Meeting of the Proprietors of this Bank, held at 
Auckland,a DISTRIBUTION at the rate of 12} 
per annum upon the Paid-up Capital was dec 
the half-year ending 31st March last. The Dirkdeed 
on the shares on the London Register will be nave 
at > London Office on and after Saturday, the 7th 
proximo. 

The Transfer Books will be Closed fron this date to 
the 13th proximo, inclusive 


F. LARKWORTHY, Managing Jirector. 


No. 1 one Victoria ao. London, 
April 29th, 188 


[OX DON 


—— 


AND WESTMINSTER 
BANK, LIMITED. 

hereby given, that the Rate of IN- 

allowed to DEPOSITORS in this Bank, 

whether at Notice or call, REMAINS fixed at ONE 

PER CENT. until further notice. 

The Bank reserves to itself atall times the ao to 
decline deposits. W. ASTLE 

April 27th, 1887. 


THE ALLIANCE BANE 
(Limited). 


nee er given, that the RATE of INTEREST 
Bank at the Head Office and Branches 
on oe DEPOSITS at seven days’ call will REMAIN 
at ONE PER CENT. per — until EATS ne nae. 
Bartholomew lane, E.C. 
April 28th, 1887. 


BRITISH LINEN COMPANY 
BANK.—LONDON OFFICE. 
a is ee the RATEot INTEREST 
OCOUNTS at this Office will 
REMAIN at ONE PER CENT. until further notice. 


THE NATIONAL BANK OF 
Incorporated by ftoyal Charter and Act : Act of Parliament. 
Lombard 

laine ubertapabesn, on, that the RATE of INTEREST 
allowed om oe ITs * with the National Bank of 
Scotland at this Office will REMAIN at 
ONE FER CENT. rom this date an Soe nee 
Apeil Soe 1887 


CHINA, GLASS, &c. 


ILLUSTRATED C CATALOGUE, POST FREE. 


CAN NADA. 
J. CRADOCK SIMPSON, 
Real Estate & Investment Agent, 


MONTREAL, CANADA. 


Money Invested in First Mortgage Securities. 
Real Estate Bought and Sold on Commission. 
Estates Managed for Owners and Trustees. 
Investments made, and watched, for Capitalists. 


REFERENCES: 


Sin Dowatp A. Smitn. ANDREW ALLAN, Esq. 
Or any of the Banks in Montreal. 


Pp, AND 0. MAIL STEAMERS 
' FROM LONDON TO 


BOMBAY, GIBRALTAR, MALTA) Every Thaurs- 
and EGYPT, ay. 
CALCUTTA,MADRAS & COLOMBO, ee alternate 
CHINA, STRAITS, and JAPAN, Thursday. 
AUSTRALIA, NEW ZEALAND and } very ide alternate 
TASMANIA, day. 
areal a _ a po om 
For particulars ap e Company’s ces, 
Leadentall street, London, E.C. 
wa U 


NVILLE’'S OLD IRISH 


S LVERED PLATE GLASS 
ss Cea, eee 
Sp ha 


THE lun Patant SILVERING COMPANY (Limited). 


(LT CHIMNEY-GLASSES, COR- 


Sota ae ne Moderate “MANTELS IN HARD WOOD. 


vonenne. peees, _ Ban eniha. Old 
— 


THE PA NT alanine oo: COMPANY (Limited), 
10, 12 and 14, SE OE RR, Lane. 


a TELEGRAPH 


INEXPENSIVE ABT TAPESTRY CURTAINS. 
Tue Burmese. 7s 6d | Tur IMPERIAL. 386 61 
per pair. In, all colrs. | per pair. In all shades 


JOSEPH GILLOTT’S 
STEEL PENS. 


Sold by all Stationers throughout the World. 
GOLD MEDAL 


MAX GREGER ‘ 
CARLOWITZ. 


Price from 248 per dozen. 


‘PARIS, 1818 


London : 
7 Mincing lane, E.C., and 2 Old Bond street, W. 


MILNERS’ 


26 FINSBURY PAVEMENT, E.C. 


_ SAFES. 
=EPPS’S 


GRATEFUL—COMFORTING. 


COCOA 


qui Ne SMa 


years’ Ww Je and 
yable oo >" simp’ 
ccanesns sete hs to all, and is admitted to he the 


ms ‘stactory method. N stration or pnblicicy of anys = 
Selections from genuine who’ manufacturer or, who fe liver 
— = eee ee Full pe 
lier. as BO 
ae ces—7 ner n Victoria Ber Btrect, F 


oft and * “iver; be BAO 


CYPHERS, WITH TERMINATION 
ORDER. 


Final Revised Editions of 25,000 English, 42,600 German, 68,400 Latin, &c. = 136,000 
words in all; 40,000 Dutch words (new) ; 22,500 — words ‘arranged 25 to the page, 


with the whole width ef the quarto page for 


Quotation Tables, &c. 


g in phrases. Quantity and 


Tue Tacecarn Crruze Orvicn, 24 Throgmorton street, E.C.; Srorriswoorr & Co., 54 Gracechurch 
treet, E.C. ; Patwer & Hows, Mancheste r. A 


af On CO Owmon 





en 
—————— 





April 3 





0, 1887. } 





DEUTSCHE BANK, BERLIN. 


ANALYSIS 


OF 





THE DIRECTORS’ REPORT. 


Presented to the Shareholders: at the 
SEVENTEENTH ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING ; 
HELD IN BERLIN ON THE 25th APRIL, 1887. 


The net profits for the year 1886, amounting to 


Marks. 


7,645,727.98, represent 127 


5,400,0C0.00 to 
464,572.80 to 
1,028,217,05 to 


ete as follows :— 


vidend of 9 per cent. to Shareholders. 


Ordinary Reserve. 
Directors and Managers. 


255,000.00 to Superannuation Fund and Gratuities to the Staff. 
497,938.13 carried forward to new account. 





7,645,727.98 


The general aspect of business in Germany during the twelve 


months under review has been essentially the same as in the pre- 


ceding year. 


The abundance of money has continued unaltered, and 


the rate of interest obtained from its temporary employment in bills 
and advances to the Stock Exchange has remaine 
prices of securities, especially those suitable for permanent invest- 


ment, have continued to advance. 


low, whilst the 


Towards the end of the year, 


however, the public, under the influence of political apprehensions, 
began to show a certain reserve, which put a limit to further con- 
versions of loans, and moderated the upward movement of Stocks 
and Shares. On the other hand, no change was observable at the 
close of the above period as regards the industrial and commercial 
activity of the country. The results obtained by the Bank are 
therefore similar to those shown in the previous report. 

The Directors sincerely regret that Mr F. Kruger. who had been 


a manager of the Bremen Branch from the time of its establishment, 


has, owing to ill-health, been obliged to resign his position as from 


the 3lst December, 1886. The vacancy caused by his retirement 
has been filled by Mr E. Krug, hitherto a deputy-manager of the 


Berlin Head Office. 

On the Ist October, 1886, the Bank opened a branch at Frank- 
fort-on-Maine, for the purpose of continuing the business of the 
Frankfurter Bankverein, which had been acquired under an agree- 


ment, by which it was arranged that the Deutsche Bank should take 
over the assets and liabilities of that Institution, and refund to i's 


shareholders the value of their shares. 


The transmarine business of the Bank has progressed in a gratify- 
ing manner, and the results obtained by the branches in Bremen, 
Hamburg, and London have again been favourable. 


The liquidation of the Deutsch-Belgische La Plata Bank has been 
finally terminated, 
For the purpose of furthering the German trade with South 
America, an independent institution has been created, under the 
| name of “‘ Deutsche Uebersee Bank,” with a capital limited for the 
present to 10,000,000 marks, the shares of which are to remain the 





| Bank has increased from 12,571 in the preceding year to 13,762 
| The following Syndicates, in which the Bank has participated, 


n= 


| 


eee 


Se OO OID orp So 


r cent, on the Capital, and are to be | have been brought to a close :— 
| 1. West Shore and Ontario Terminal Bonds. 
- Obligations of the Deutsch-Nord, Lloyd. 
. Shares of the Thiergarten Building Society. 
. Shares of the Credit Mobilier Roumain. 


Northern Pacific Ist Mortgage Bonds. 
City of Rome Loan, 2nd and 3rd Series. 
Aachen-Julich Railway Shares. 


. 44 per cent. Stockholm Mortgage Bonds. 
. South Italian Railway Obligations. 

. Conversion of Mecklenbur; 
. Khenish Provincial ee i 


ortgage Bonds. 


ations. 
Conversion of Austrian Boden-Credit Mortgage Bonds. 
e loan of the Province of Buenos Ayres has been successfully 


issued, but the account is not yet formally closed. The conversion 
of the Provincial Mo 
Pomerania, Saxon 
tion of the Royal 


Bonds of East Prussia, West Prussia, 
and Hanover, which was begun under the direc- 
handlung, is also practically terminated. The 


profit on these two operations will be included in the accounts for 
1887, whilst the results of the other twelve operations enumerated 
| above, are comprised in those for the past year. All securities held 
| by the Bank (as well as its participations in Syndicates) haye been 


_ valued, for the 


urpose of the present Balance Sheet, at prices 


| which are not daly under those ruling on the 3lst December, 1886, 


but are also actually below the lowest quotations touched between 
| that and the present date (30th March, 1887). 


An amount of Marks 539,730.39 has been written off for bad and 
| doubtful debts. 
The Directors recommend the declaration of a dividend of 9 per 


| cent. for the year, which on 100,000 shares, representing 


at 600 


| Marks each a paid up capital of 60,000,000 Marks, will absorb 





on the Ist January, 1886. 


5,400,000 Marks. They further recommend that the sum of 464,572 
Marks 80 Pf. be added to the Ordinary Reserves, which will then 
NN Ds scici-vsiterdntivwechitmicsts capiguariect Marks 12,212,611.82 (£610,630) 


And amount with Special Reserve of _,, 4,000,000.00 (£200,000) 
Together to...........+++ a 16,212,611.82 (£810,630) 
As against. ...........,-.. 15,748,039.02 (£787,402) 


After the usual appropriations to 
Marks 


Directors, Officers, and Superannuation Fund, there remain 
497,938,13 to be carried forward to New Account. 

The turnover for the year 1886 (taking one side of the ledger) 
amounted to Marks 16,180,646,366, as against Marks 15,147 999,465 





property of the Deutsche Bank. The seat of the new Company | in 1889. esat 
will be in Berlin, with branches in Buenos Ayres and such other P. — ; 
South American ports as may be determined upon hereafter. = owas 
Arrangements have likewise been made for entertaining permanent os arr Ad 
banking relations with Zanzibar. : z , = ate 
The total number of Current and Deposit Accounts kept by the Beruiy, Apri , 1887. . : 
DEUTSCH E BAN IF. 
GENERAL BALANCE SHEET.—December 3lst, 1836. 
Dr. LIABILITIES. Marks. _ Cr. ASSETS. _ Marks. 
Ce Sat cers BS ee SO 60,000,000.00 | MA GRAM) «ci SIE -assnivits chivscvd-tooklqsreie nine 17,638,941.09 
Current Accounts and Deposits ...............++ 137,809,036.00 Bills PROOGE VAIN (oo... oc0.c0cccccccnngmesenae sonceoeasaes one “ : ee 
NOMS i624 RL Ro IS 82,753,414.40 | Cou sebeeetertseeeseneressecneanseeseeecessenyecenens 058, 
Dividends Unpaid ..............0.cccccccsrenesenners 10,851.00 | Government, Railway, and other Securities... 18,758,684.28 
AID INN sae os ,000. 00 | Syndicates......cse...cccceesececeaseeeeeeeceseemanessenes 20 
Babee PURINE fae bind doko wna Lgovcegysndedeesseesee 15,748,039.02 DB cccccccccconvbsscecssccoseenegsersdoescces cagesenetes 3,106,748. 
SN ctl cinta 564 aS 0E wes sewddees i cdedwasctteeine 706,095.93 | eee ehewetenertereererecceesceestnennaee eM shaense 
; 7 i de caiieemneiial , . 
re eee en eee Pi sinsnn ta L 2° IRN nnc osc cee A. epee ap ode 109,818.06 
} ——— . __ — 
305,073,164.77 305,073,164.77 
PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT.—To 3ist December, 1886. ren 
Dr. Marks. Cr. arks. 
To General Expenses ............ cc deticsgap anaes weckuba 1,927,968.24 | By Balance from 1886 .......:sse.scseseccseeseecsseecsaes 299,235.70 
(Including M. 284,397.28 Taxes and Stamps. ). Grete Profit $06 TGBS....scccescosna-<pergensessengecssase 10,012,601.05 
Amount written off Furniture and Premises . 
TR i RTD SIO ee 198,410.14 
Conran TE  .. anaciamernnanarasinsattitn 539,730.39 | 
SO PE cleia ih doses cildisbetncsds cdatiilb cs vickcecsecne 7,645,727.98 | 
10,311,836.75 | ia 10,311,836.75 


The LONDON AGENCY, 1 Drapers’ Gardens, Tl 
54 marks, at the Exchange of the day, less 





srogmorton avenue, E.C., will 


y the 1986 cotpon, amounting to— 
neome Tax. 


The original Report (in German), containing full and detailed information respecting the Bank’s operations, invesements and. 
ccounts, can be had on application to the London Agency. 


aa 





————— li 


THE ECONOMIST. 579 


| 





































ad ata ee on ee ae eae " 












a Ets, CC OOaeS50—Xn—K—u3031[01+—+}3—?—=3FKNSN SS 


Banks, &c. 
HE ANGLO-CALIFORNIAN 


BANK (Limited). 
Capita authorised, £1,200,000. Subscribed, £600,000 
Paid-u 


P, ,000. 
Head Office, 3 Angel court, London, E.O. 
Branch at San Francisco. 

mts at New York, J. and W. Se and Co. 

Bank transacts general bank business, sells 
drafts on California, Oregon, Nevada, &c. ; also on the 
Hawaiian Islands, sends bills for collection, maker 
telegraphic transters, and grants letters of credit. 

J. SIMON, Managing Director. 


ec erence NS 


[JNION BANK OF “AUSTRALIA 
(Limited). Established 1887. Inco: . 
Paid-up capital : & 


208 eet eeneee 
eee 


EDIT and Bil 


the Colonies. . 
BILLS on the Colonies are negotiated and sent for 


collection. 

DEPOSITS are received for fixed on terms 
which mav be ascertained on 

INSCRIBED STICK DEP , bearing interest 
at Four per Cent. per annum, from date of deposit, 
and transferable by or deed, are also received, 
full particulars of which will be furnished oa appli- 
cation. The limit of this issue is £500,900. 

Holders of London Office Deposit Receipts of the 
Bank can exchange into Inscribed Stock Deposits free 
of charge. W. R. MEWBURN, Manager 
. 1 Bank buildings, Lothbury, E.C., London, Jan., 1887 


STANDARD BANK OF 
SOUTH AFRICA (Limited). 
(Bankers to the ———— of the Cape of Good 


Heap 
10 Clement's lane, Samant ceendt, Santen, 2.0. 


BAL... seesereeresseervereee 4,000,008 


oon grants Drafte ~~ towns > 
Natal, and Transvaal, and transacte every 
ot Business connected with the 


ite for one and longer 
may be cperteined op 


eae on 


BANK OF AUSTRALASIA 


by Royal Charter, 1885 
Wee Tireaneetis rock; Lesken 
Reserve fund £800,000 


Reserve Liability of Proprietors 
under the Charter.................. 1,600,600 

LETTERS OF CREDIT and Drafte issued on any of 
the numerous branches of the Bank throughout 
Australia and New Zealand. 

BILLS or sent for collection. 

TELEG HIC TRANSFERS made. 

DEPOSITS received in London at interest for fixed 
periods, on terms which may be ascertained on appli- 


PRIDEAUX SELBY, Secretary. 


KONG AND SHANGHAI 


BANKING CORPORATION. 
Paid up Capital, 37 
Reserve Fund 


e » $4,500,000, 
Reserve Liability of Proprietors, $7,500,000. 
Dirgcrors 


Boe 


AND 


map Orricn 1m Hore 
Kone. 4 


THE ECONOMIST. 


_ [April 30, 1897, 


THE NATIONAL BANK OF SCOTLAND. 


x LIMITED. 
Incorporated by Royal Charter and Act of Parliamei:t, 
ESTABLISHED 1825. 
HEAD OFFIC E—Eprinpvurcu., 


Capital, £5,000,000. 


Paid up, £1,000,000. 


Reserve Fund, £670,000. 


LONDON OFFICE—37 Nicholas lane, Lompard street, E.C, 
CURRENT ACCOUNTS are tops agreeably to usual custom. 
v 


DEPOSITS at Interest are rece 


CIRCULAR NUTES and LETTERS of CREDIT, available in all parts of the World, are sued free 
of charge. 
INVESTMENTS and SALES of all descriptions of Securities effected. DIVIDENDS, ANNUITIES 


&e., received for customers. 


tra 


THE NATAL BANK. 


(Established 1854, Incorporated by Charter, 1859.) 
Bankers to the Government of Natal. 

Authorised Capital 

Subscribed Capital .......... 


Paid up Capital .............0.c:ccereeeees 

Reserve Fund 

Unpaid Capital, including Reserve 
Laability of Proprietors ............ 


Total tal and Reserve ... £553,060 
Heap Orrice: ¢IETERMARITZBURG, NATAL. 

The London and Westminster Bank (Limited), 

Lothbury, London, as Agents for the Natal Bank, are 

to issue LETTERS OF CREDIT on any of 
the following places in South Africa, and to transmit 
for collection Bills payable thereat :— 

In Nas@,.—Pietermaritzburg, Durban, Ladysmith, 
Newcact!S. Iv Sourn AFRICAN Rervs.ic (Transvaal) — 
Pretoria, Barberton, De Kaap Gold Fields. 

ial Fi Transfers also made. 

AMES MACKELLAR, General Manager. 
Pietermaritzburg, Natal. 


BANE OF NEW SOUTH WALES. 


or f 
be remittances mad 
DEPOSITS er oe Sued pealolite on terms 
which may be known on application. 
DAVID GEORGE, Secretary. 
LON DON, 


PARIS, & AMERICAN 
BANK, LIMITED. 
Heap Orrics—10 Tokenhouse yard, London, E.C. 
AvTHORISED Carrrab, £1,000,000, SuBscRIBED, £500,000. 


Reserve Funp, £30,000. Patw-ur, £400,000. 


Banlsing and Exchange business with Amprica and 
the Corringnt of Evrops transacted on favourable 
terms, and Lerrers of Creprr issued for the use of 
travellers, available in all the principal cities of the 


world. 
P. W. ROBERTSON, Secretary. 


HE BANK OF S0UTH) 


AUSTRALIA, Limited.—Estab. 1841. 
Heap Orrics—31 Lombard street, London, E.O. 
— Paid up, £800,000 ;> Reserve Fund, £100,000. | 
ERve LIABILITY OF SHAREHOLDERS, £800,000. | 
Drarrs AND Letrers oF CREDIT IssvEp. | 
Buus Bovent AND CoOLL&CTED. 
TaLeoRaPuic TRANSFERS Maps, 
Received For Fixep Props: -- ONE 
Year, 4 per Cent; Two, oR THREE YEARS, 4) PER 


Cent. 
[HE COMMERCIAL BANK OP 
AUSTRALIA 
(f es i wit a fain Statute, 1864,” 
Subscribed Caplin, £00000; Paid-up, £800,000. 
Hap Orrics : Melbourne. 


ane vestote “en terme 


GEORGE NIVEN, : 
1 Bishopayate strest Within, Londos BQ 


(HARTERED ’ MERCANTILE 
BANK OF INDIA, LONDON, AND OHINA, 
Incorporated by Royal Charter. 

Heap Orrics—65 Old Broad street, London, E.C. 
BRANCHES AND Sus-BRANCHES. 


— citi csneed «s.«. Colombo, Kandy, Galle. 


Sreairs Serruements§ Si x 
MNPR: semsssrevcntnnteocinete hee Penang, Malagca. 
Shanghal. 
BANKERS. 


The Bank receives money on deposi and sells 
Bills of Seonse  Lanktens of Goea t and Cir- 


cular Ni transacts the usual and 
‘Busines connected with the Rash on teetnte 
be h | 


D 
which may be 


At the London Office of the Bank every description of Banking Business connected with Scotland is 


JAMES ROBERTSON, Manager n London. 


LONDON 


CHARTERED BANK 
acy tT ay 

y r. 

Capital Subscribed, £2,000,000 ; Paid-up, Thien 000 ; 

ete es Rese orve Pund, £140,000. res 

n xchange business of i 

— with the Australian Colenten enttien 
EBPOSITS RECEIVED for FIXED PERIODS 

which may be ascertained on application. ee 


JOHN SUTHERLAN 
2 Old Broad street, E.C. wi Genretary. 


[HE QUEENSLAND NATIONAL 
(Incorporated aie i. of 1868 
Legislature of Queensland.) "the 
URENSLAND GOVERNMENT. 


Capital 1,304,600; Paid-u . 
6230; Reserve Fund 2315000 
EAD Orricse—BRISBANE. 


This Bank grants Drafts on all its Branches and 
Agencies, and transacts every description of Banking 
Business in connection with Queensland and other 
Australian Colonies on the most favourable terms, 

The London Office receives Deposits for fixed 

= ED, BOUMAMAM tees” 

No. 29 Lomhard street, E.C. ° a 


[MPERIAL BANK OF CANADA 


Heap Orrice—Toronto. 
Paid = nee hee ee 
“wu 500,000, rve Fund, $650,000, 
RONEYS RECEIVED ‘tor Credit of the H 
Office and Branches in Ontario and Manitoba, and 
Letters of Advice thereof issued by he Agents of the 
Bank in London, —Lloyd’s Barnett’s and 
Bosanquet’s Bank, Limited, 62 Lombard street, E.C. 
SPECIAL ATTENTION given to Canadian collec- 
tions, or either inte apa —s Head weno of the 
Toron or throug’ on Agen 
Bavellinetec street, and Leader lane, Toronto, 
D. R. WILKIE, Cashier. 


THE AUSTRALIAN JOINT STOCK 


BANK. 

Incorporated by Act of Council, 1858. 
Paid-up Capital (with power tu increase to £1,000,000), 
£500,000. Reserve Fund, £280,000. 

Loxpon Braxch—2 King William street, E.O. 

Letters of Creditand Drafts issued. Bills negotiated 
or sent for collection. Remittances made by cable. 
ts received for fixed periods at rates which 
ascertained on application. 
A. B. BAXTER, Manager. 


encase 


may 


OF 


a a 


MERCANTILE BANK 
SYDNEY. Established 1869. 
Incorporated by Act of Parliament. 
Lonpon BRancH—158 LEADENHALL stresr, E.O. 
Paid-up Capital.................. £300,000 
Reserve Fund £160,000 
Number of Shareholders ........... 
DRAFTS issued on Sydney, and Bills negotiated 
and collected. 
DEPOSITS received for Onn, Two, or THRxB YRARS 
at rates which may be ascertained on application. 
GEO. H. ALEXANDER, Manager. 


TTY 
MORTGAGE BANK OF 
VICTORIA (Limited). 
Subscribed Capital, £875,000. 
- Unealled, £700,000. 

The London Board of Management are prepared 
to receive money on Debentures for 5 years and 
upwards at 4} per cent. : 
«> Borrowing powers are limited to Unealled Capital. 
2 money is lent in Australasia upon Freehold 


be had on application to 
8. FOORD, Secretary. 


[LAND 


only. 
Debenture prospectus _ 
17 King’s Arms yard, EC. 


THE NATIONAL BANK OF 


AUSTRALASIA. ‘ : 
Incorporated by Acts of the Legislature of Victoria, 
South Australia, and Western Australia. 
Capital, £2,000,000. 
Lonpox Orrice—149 Leadenhall street, E.C. 
This Bank conducts Banking Business of every 
description with the Australian Colonies upon curren 
terms, A ved Bills negotiated or sent for a 
tion, and ers of Credit granted upon the oes 8 
Branches in Victoria, South Australia, Western = 
tralia, and its Agencies in New South Wales, New 


ia. 
Zealand, Queensland, of} Cw ALD, Manager. 








~ 





THE 


Investors 


onthly MMannal, | 


GIVING THE HIGHEST, LOWEST, AND LATEST PRICES OF 


ISN0CKS, RAILWAY SHARES, & OTHER SECURITIES DURING THE MONTH, 


THE MODE IN WHIOH THE DIVIDEND I8 IN EAOH OASE PAYABLE, THE LAST FOUR DIVIDENDS, &. 
[PRICES MADE UP TO THURSDAY EVENING, APRIL 28rx.} 


[Subscribers are particularly requested to point out any inaccuracies that may come under their notice. ] 


— 
wey ene AO 


he EN ee 
Py Ree ease 
papaeat as hateneeemiee pe peheeenonhediorcs 


praetiip-staha haeeneee ee ee ee 


(REGISTERED AT THE GENERAL POST OFFICE FOR TRANSMISSION ABROAD.] 


PRICE ONE SHILLING. 


No. 4, Vol. 17. [MEW se] SATURDAY, APRIL 30, 1886. Soy Pat teat Weary ia 


—- 


Double Numbers Included. 


$a -— = — a —————————— — ee 


CONTENTS. 


upon tment Paar 

+ Mining Companies— Excluding Iron Ore and Coal Companies ... 184 

Foance! Record of the Month eee ee reer peers Segre 186 

jecuriti y Stock—Briti Jolonial, and New Capital Created a ed during 1837 187 | 

Pre eretg aE or State Stock—British, Colonial, i Stock Exchange Committee Decisions 

| Railway Securities—British, Colonia’, and Foreign Notices and Repor 

Banking Companies—Including Discount Companies -- 

Insurance Companies : 

Miscellaneous Companies—Including Canals, City Loans, Docks, 
Gas and Water, Iron, Coal, and Steel, Land, Mortgage, 
and Investment, Steamship, Tea, Telegraph, Tramway, 


Trust, Wagon, and other Companies 169 





ee - — - 


get a enn 


| NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. 


a J . | It is quite out of our power to reply personally to Correspon- 
O Z WU aANrn1sS v dents asking for information or opinions as to the merits 
of particular investments. 


(—=€ —— 


“THE QUEEN OF TABLE WATERS. TO ADVERTISERS. 


Advertisements for Next Month’s Number must be sent 
Professor Frankland, in his last month's pub- | on or before May 28, to the Office, 340 Strand, W.C. 
lished report on the water supplied by the — _eemeeeen 


London Water Companies, says: “ The water of | ASSIGNMENTS OF MORTGAGES. 


“all the Companies was exceptionally polluted ; wa 
i ‘ fractional part of 100/, of the principal mone 
“none could be described as a perfectly safe potable | ae = Swe = ractional pa princip y 


. . For transfer of stocks and shares at a nominal consideration a 
MEDICAL PRESS, Jan. 26, 1887. | stamp of 10s is required. 








“ water,"’ 


“Ts it not intolerable that in. London, the RATES OF BROKERAGE. 


‘wealthiest and most powerful city of the world, | here is no scale fixed or recognised by the Committee of the 


& : ; inki which is Stock Exchange, but the following are the charges usually made foz 
we are provided with drinking water : someeinn bat stockbrokers, though in large amounts commissions 


. according to the best authority, chronically | are often reduced, and in speculation for the purchase and sale of 

“and disgustingly polluted, and may at any | securities during the account one commission is usually charged :— 

“moment become a source of danger? To drink | British and Foreign Funds ~ = per 100/ stocx 
. . i Excl r Bi 8 

“a Pure Natural Mineral Water is the alternative Colonial Goverumacis and Railway Bonds 

“of safety.” | Shares of e 


BRITISH MEDICAL JOURNAL, Jan, 22, 1887. 


Aroutuvaris Water, by its absolute purity, 
affords complete guarantee against the dangers 


of zymotic disease incidental to ordinary | per cent. Se 
drinking water When the market price of a share is above 50] commissionis often 


SANITARY RECORD. | charged at 10s per cent. on the macket price. 
a 


= oem, TE Se lll 


In cases in which stock is under 501 the commission charged is } 




















146 


NOTES UPON INVESTMENTS. 


THE BUDGET AND INVESTORS. 


THERE are two proposals in the Budget of decided interest to 
investors, the one relating to the stamp duties, and the other 
to the Government advances to local authorities. As regards 
the latter, Mr Goschen proposes to separate the accounts 
relating to local loans from the Imperial Budget. The local 
loans made out of Imperial funds which are now outstanding 
amount to 37,200,000/, and the money for them has been pro- 
vided thus :— 


£ 
Funded Two and a-Half per Cents.................. 8,600,000 
Exchequerand Treasury bills ........ .....ss:s0e00 6,400,000 
Advanced by National Debt Commissioners...... 9,500,000 
Advanced out of Exchequer balances ............ 12,700,000- 
37,200,000 


To cover this debt, it is proposed to create a new local loan 


stock, bearing interest at 3 per cent., and to cancel a like 
amount of Imperial debt. For the most part the cancellation 
-will probably be a mere question of account, the new stock 
being issued to the Debt Commissioners in lieu of Consols, 
It is, however, useless to speculate upon the system 
that will be followed until the details are published, the 
scheme having been only sketched out by the Chancellor of 
the Exchequer. Of course, this change, if carried out, will mean 
that in future fresh loans to local authorities by the Govern- 
ment will be made by means of an issue of new local loan stock. 
As vegards the stamp duties, it is proposed to increase the 
transfer duty on debenture stock from 2s 6d per cent. to an 
ad valorem tax of 10s per cent., or the same as is now paid on 
all other British registered stock. This is undoubtedly a right 
step to take, for there is no reason at all why debenture stocks 
should enjoy any special favour. It is also proposed to offer 
joint stock companies the privilege of transferring stock free 
from the present 10s per cent. stamp duty upon their paying 
iasteal 1s per cont. annually upon their capital. if this 
proposal is adopted, most companies which find that their share- 
holders would gain by the change, that is, where the amount of 
composition would be less than the stamp duty paid upon 
transfers, will no doubt take advantage of the new system. Such 
companies will then have two courses open to them, either to 
recoup themselves for the amount. so paid by imposing a corres- 
ponding charge upon transfers, or to allow their revenue to bear 
this tax, and so allow their stock to be transferred free of duty. 
Several objections may be urged against the latter course, but 
there isa very strong one in its favour, viz., the higher price which 
the stocks of such companies would command in the market, 
and the probability that they would obtain a great accession 
of popularity. This corsideration, we think, is likely to have so 
much weight, that most important companies will make the 
change, and free their stocks from transfer duty, one great effect 
of which will be to throw them open more widely to specula- 
tive influencer. They will be very much like sciip securities, 
and as-bankers will lend on them frely from account to 
account, the rates of “ contango” willrule low. And this, as 
we have said, will stimulate speculation. 





LAST YEAR'S WORKING OF THE 
INDIAN BANKS. 


Trape in India during 1886 was decidedly active, despite the 
friction induced by the violent fluctuations in the rates 
of exchange, but the Anglo-Indian banks, fared badly, 
for although the volume of their business expanded, their 
profits diminished, owing no doubt to the great difficulties in 
the way of profitably conducting exchange operations. In fact, 
all-the leading banks lost ground, as can be seen from the 
following figures :— 


ANGLO- 


Net Earyryes and Divipenps. 


an A ccnpnenntengpsntncer in peat canpenettliae ent eeat 


| Amount 
1836. 1835, 1884. | Requird 
ee een ananaeicneieicnee cee | cmeaatiene Se Gee seme | to - 
Net | Divi- Net | Divie | Net | Divi- | A 
Profit. dend.  Proat.  dend i Profit. | dend. | Dividnd 











aie £ * | | a 7 £ 
AGIA veeivcree ss serene " ee | 55,907 5g =| «G1021 5 10 
Cnartered of India} 54.808 7 Sis 7 | 6,772 7 Sane 
Chart. Mercantile .| 5481 4} 53,827 99,116) 5 7.500 
Delhi and London) 9,030 14 ‘ 15,934) 4) | I861S| 5 8,375 
National of India..| 31,266, 5 $3247 Gt OBAT2 | 5 4,670 
145.080 | 2A5.263 |. e 251,900. ce 28,525 


* £50,000 taken from reserve to pay dividend. 


The net profits of the five banks, it will be seen, have fallen 
off 100,183/, or over 40 per cent., the total being the 
smallest recorded for several years. The Agra lost ground to 





THE INVESTOR’S MONTHLY MANUAL. [April 30, 1887 


ss na DCO CI AE ASIN SNES 


an —— and paid 1 per cent. less dividend. 
a aid 7 per. cent., as usual; but last year j rete ae 
25,000) to the reduction of its silver iaiete ence pag 
whereas this year it has made no such provision, des ite the 
further fallin exchange. The Chartered Mercantile aoa ‘le 
made a satisfactory profit in the first half of the year but 3 
the second half the gross profits amounted to only 8,525), w} ile 
the working expenses were 42,4371, leaving a loss of 33,919]. ; 
a result no doubt attributable mainly to unprofitable ex. 
change workings. In order to pay a dividend at the rate 
of 4 percent., a sum of 25,000/ is taken from the reserve fund. 
which will then standat 105,000/; but agains: this fund mus¢ 
be set the shrinkage in the value of the silver assets since the 
were last brought down to a gold basis, The Delhi and handon 
which is a small concern, doing little or no exchange business 
appears to have made an insufficient provision for some doubtful 
investments made in 1885; and in view of the difficulty of 
ore these, it has hadto hold in reserve the whole of the 
net profits for the half-yearended December 31. The National 
of India has managed to maintain its 5 per cent. dividend, but 
only adds 10,000! to reserve, as against 20,000/ in 1885, |), 
connection with the table given above of net profits and 
dividends for the past three years, the following table of prices, 
&c,, may be of interest :— 


The Chartered 











3 g |“Yiela” Highest and Lowest Prices in 
-—| on |j————— rineoniensee 
* © | Present oe i 

A | 

Price. 1886. 1885. ] 884, 

if s a mes os 
Woo alc nscebe as 835 9 O| OF 8t| 10} 8% | 102 9 
Chartered of India ...... 12345 19 3) 24 224 | 224 193 | 25 20 
Chartered Mercantile ...! 1547 5 0} 194 17 | 20 164 | 205 16 
Delhi and London ...... Papi 8 Be i4- 12 14 12 «1:18 «O14 
National of India......... 4S OB ee ° St 741! 8} 6] 


* No prices obtainable, 


AMERICAN RAILWAY EARNINGS IN THE 
‘ FIRST QUARTER OF THE YEAR. 


Tae earnings of the American railways continue to exhibit 
favourable ae Taking the returns for the lines which are 
summarised by the New York Chronicle, we find that in the 
quarter ended March 31, the receipts on 110 roads amounted 
to $76,995,251, as against $66,147,316 in 1886, being an increase 
of $10,918,438, or about 165 per cent. The mileage operated 
was 61,901 miles, against 58,864 miles in 1886, an increase of 
3,037 miles, or just over 5 per cent. In dealing with the 
quarter, it will be well, however, to take separately the montlily 
returns, of which the aggregate is composed. The figures are 
as follows :— 


Increase 
in Earnings 

Compared 

No. of with 1886. 7-——Mileage.——— 
Month. Roads, 3 1887. 1886 

January ..... AER roves 3,828,885 ...... Se 53,592 
February......... BOE cavnnd 1,736,726 -...... 55,900 ....... 52,980 
WERPOR ope ccsesiees Ome Mi di 4,184,370 ...... S008 «...... 58,864 


It will be seen that the three months present widely different 
results. In January there was a substantial increase, owing 
largely ‘to the fact that, while in the beginning of 155» 
the weather was especially severe, and greatly hampered 
traffic, the season this year was quite the reverse. Feb- 
raary showed but“a small gain; but in March there 
was a very marked improvement indeed, to equal which 
it would be necessary to go back many years. ‘The causes for 
this are not far to seek. In the first place, the fact that the 
Inter-State Commerce Bill came into operation on April 5 led 
to a very large movement of merchandise in anticipation of 
difficulties in regard to rates, &c.; and secondly, the receipts a 
year ago were being affected by the strike on the South-Western 
roads, so that a comparison with present figures is necessarily 
favourable to the latter, Still, after allowing for exceptional 
circumstances, there can be no doubt that the railways ar 
doing well, owing both to the improved condition of trade = 
the higher rates which they now obtain, And so far as can 
told from the returns which are available, they are also 
faring satisfactorily in regard to net earnings. Taking the ne 7 
in groups, it appears that the Southern companies ones - 
greatest comparative increase, while the North-Western a 
although now doing better, show, as a whole, the least satis 
factory result. 




























_—_ 
April 30, 1887] _ 


NEW CAPITAL CREATIONS IN 1887. 


ArraoucH the applications for new capital have recently 
slackened, the total for the current year to date is rather large, 
as can be seen from the following figures :— 


Caprrat Creations to Date in— 


£ 
pie ee ee enn Sea etils eaae seta 32,570,000 
SOO FS UNE sSiseckesiess Seeks. 36,331,000 
Pe SS CT ER aS 14,243,000 


The figures for the current year, although greatly inexcessof 1835, 
fall somewhat below these for 1886, but the greater bulk of the 
latter year resulted mainly from a few especially large items, 
whereas this year the area of our new investments has been 
wider, and they have been well distributed. Two important 
colonial loans have been placed upon the market, viz, one by 
Victoria for 3,000,000/, and one by Queensland for 2,500,000/, 
both bearing 4 per cent. interest. The former was an undoubted, 
but the latter a somewhat equivocal, success, Apart from these 
54 millions but little money has been borrowed by the Austra- 
lasian colonies. There has been only one large foreign loan 
floated this year, and that was for the Argentine Republic, the 
nominal amount being 4,290,000/, in 5 per cent. bonds. About 
8} millions have been invested in foreign railway undertakings, 
of which the Atehison, Topeka, and Santa Fé and Mexican 
National are the most important. A new Indian railway com- 
pany (the Bengal-Nagpur) has also been placed upon the market, 
with a capital of 3,000,000/. A feature of the current year has 
been the number of brewery concerns that have been turned 
into limited companies. Including ‘‘ Allsopp’s,” which was a 
phenomenal success, second only to Guinness and Co., over a 
dozen brewery companies have been launched, with a total 
capital of not far short of 5 millions. Mining ventures have 
continued to afford much scope for company promoters, &c., 
nearly twenty undertakings, with a capital of over 14 millions, 
having been placed upon the market during the current year. 
In the year 1886, when investors had a furore for mining ven- 
tures, they invested eight millions or more in this kind of 
property, as against only about one million in 1885. It is 
evident, however, that their appetite for these investments 
is now diminishing, and it is well to find that this is the case> 
for many of them are turning out far from satisfactory. In 
fact, some of these new ventures appear to be quite rotten, 
and it is to be feared that investors will lose much money 
over this their latest ‘‘ fancy.” 


—————— 
THE GRAND TRUNK OF CANADA RAILWAY 
REPORT. 


Tue report of the Grand Trunk of Canada Railway Company 
for the past half-year shows a great improvement in that com- 
pany’s position. The following are the main figures for the 
parent company and its ‘‘ subsidiary lines,” exclusive of the 








so-called ‘* controlled lines,” yviz., the Chicago and Grand 
Trunk, and the Detroit, Grand Haven, and Milwaukee :— 
Ine. 
Half-Year ended Dec. 31. or Dec 
1886. 1885. in 1886. 
£ £ £ 
Gross receipts .......60..0c..000ees 1,913,654 ... 1,629,763 ... +283,891 
ath , 1,327,827 ... 1,238,313 ... + 89,514 
W orking expenses............... { 89-39% 75°98% .. + 659% 
585,827 ... 391,450 ... +194,377 
Add _ interest and _ other 
ROCCHRAE:: cniniisvnsdycoien naive 54,625... 35,242 ... + 19,383 
640,452 ... 426,692 ... +213,760 
Deduct— 
Interest on debenture stocks 216,263... 213,507 ... + 2,757 
Interest on bonds ............... 44,202... 44,202 ... va, 
Rents, leased lines,.............. 76,396... 75,448... - 52 
Interest, subsidiary lines...... 82,649 ... 82,597 ... + 52 
418,511 ... 415,754... + 2,757 
Leaving net balance of......... 221,941 ... 10,988... +211,003 


From the above balance of 221,941/ has to be deducted the 
debit balance of 8151, against the half-year ended June 30, and 
also a loss for the year 1886 on the Chicago and Grand Trunk 
of 37,6211, leaving 183,505/, which provides for the full interest 


THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL. 


147 


on the 4 per cent. guaranteed stock, together with the arrears of 
interest on that stock for the half-year ended June 30; « 

In the past half-year, and in the year 1886, the company 
transacted a larger business, both in passengers and merchandise, 
than in any previous half-year or year. But the rates obtained 
on this traffic were low, as the following figures show :— 





7——Passengers.——, 7--——Goods.——,, 
First Half Year. First Half Year. 
s ad s 4d s ad ed 
1GGB iicds.. 314... 3 11 69 ... 6 104 
FROG cs sidees 3 103 ... 4 3 Ot oe ee 
BE sn ctenne. 4 3% .. 4 63 om”6 cc 
SOE ice caine . ais. 2 oe 7 8 ... 7 10§ 


_ On the passenger traffic, it will be seen, there was next to no 
improvement in rates, as compared with those ruling in 1886 ; 
but decidedly higher rates, nearly as high as those of 1884, were 
obtained on merchandise, although there is still a marked 
difference as compared with 1883. It is doubtful, however, 
whether rates are at all likely to go back to the level of the 
latter year. As we have said, there wasa loss on working the Chic- 
ago and Grand Trunk, but the Detroit, Grand Haven, and Milwau- 
kee yielded a net profit of 9,339/ on the year. On the so-called 
‘*subsidiary ” lines, which comprise the Midland Railway, the 
Grand Trunk, Georgian Bay, and Lake Erie, the- Wellington, 
Grey, and Bruce, the Michigan Air Line, and the Montreal and 
Champlain Junction Railway, and have a total length of 979} 
miles, there was a deficiency of 32,1067 in meeting the interest 
charges, as compared with a deficiency of 50,6712 in 1885, But 
against this loss must be set the large traffic derived from these 
lines, As regards the effects of the Inter-State Commerce Bill, 
upon the railways the directors take a rather favourable view, 
which coincides with that held by other authorities. Altogether, 
the Grand Trunk Company, having now cleared off the 
disastrous losses of 1885, stands in a decidedly better position 
than it did, and has a much more hopeful future, 





THE CONVERSION OF THE NATAL DEBT. 


Following the example of the Cape, the Colony of Natal has 
now undertaken the conversion of its debt. The Crown Agents 
for the Colonies are authorised to offer to the holders of the 
outstanding Natal Debentures and existing Consolidated Stock, 
conversion into Consolidated Stock, bearing interest at the rate 
of 4 per cent, per annum, payable onthe Ist‘April and 1st October. 
The principal and interest will be chargeable upon the revenues 
and assets of Natal, and payable at the offices of the Crown 
Agents for the Colonies, Dowuihe street, London. The stock 
will be redeemable at par on the Ist April, 1937, and the interest 
will be payable by dividend warrants, ‘the new Consolidated 
Stock will be inscribed and will be transferable, without charge, 
and free of stamp duty. The amount of new Consolidated 
Stock bearing interest from the Ist April, 1887, to be inscribed 
in exchanged for each 1001 in debentures of the respective loans, 
is as follows, viz. :— ; 





DEBENTURES. 

















Rate . 
per heeten ee Redeemable. | Interest Payable. a 
| £ 
{42,400 15 Oct., 1887 15 April, 15 Oct. 
63, 15 Nov., 1896 | 15 May, 15 Nov. 
166,100 15 May, 1909 | . 
( Any time between 
333,200 tr 7 ag a ) 
5 May, las x 
Any time between | 15 May 15 Nov. 
71,300 3 May, 1895. wot | 
| 15 May,1925 | 
1,200,000 } \ 
50,000 iy 15 Mar., 19:9 15 Mar., 15 Sep. 
59, 
233,030 | 15 Nov., 1926 





15 May, 15 Nov. 
} 


ee 


£\ 4,052,000 | 2,219,600 i 


All undue coupons must be surrendered with the debentures, 
except those falling due 15th May, 1887, which will be retained 
by the, debenture-holders for payment at their due date. The 


: holders of existing Natal Government 4 per cent, consolidated 


stock, the interest on which is payable on the 15th May and 15th 
November, are offered in exchange, at par, Natal Government 
4 per cent, consolidated stock, the interest on which will be 

yable on the Ist April and Ist October, in each year. The 
Firat six months’ dividend will be payable on the Ist Oct. 1887. 
Apparently the new stock has no sinking fund attached to it, 
as the bulk of the old issues do, and the Government wilt 
therefore effect this saving in the annual charge. In the case 
of the Cape debt, the policy of paying off the debt by means of 
sinking funds was also abandoned, owing to the temptation to 
cut down the annual interest charge. In view of the ition 
of affairs in South Africa this change is natural enough, although 
it is scarcely sqund from a financial standpoint. ° 











































rede epee neeeneeinn neo 


— — ena 


THE CONVERSION OF THE INDIA FOUR PER 
CENT. STERLING LOAN. 


TuERE has been a sharp rise in India Sterling stocks this 
month, owing to the publication of the terms of the conversion 
of the 4 per cent. issue of 53,344,000/, which matures in October 
of next year. According to the advertisement, the Secretary 
of State for India*‘ is willing to grant a like amount of India 
3! 10s per Cent. Stock and India 3/ 10s per Cent. Stock Certifi- 
cates respectively, in exchange for such India 4/ per Cent. 
Stock, and India 4/ per Cent. Stock Certificates. The holders 
of India 4/ per Cent. Stock or Stock. Certificates who avail 
themselves of this offer will receive on the 6th July, 1887, a 
payment of 1/ 12s 6d per cent. on the amount of India 4/ per 
Cent. Stock or Stock Certificates surrendered, being a quarter's 
interest at 4/ per cent. per annum to that date, and 10s per 
cent. per annum for a year and a quarter to October, 1888, paid 
in advance ; and subsequently interest will be due quarterly on 
the 5th October, 5th January, 5th April, and 5th July in each 
year, at the rate of 3/ 10s per cent. perannum. ‘The Stock and 
Stock Certificates granted in exchange will be consolidated with 
the India 3 10s per Cent. Stock now existing, which is not 
redeemable until the 5th January, 1931, but will be redeemable 
at par on or after that day, upon one year’s previous notice 
having been given in The London Gazette by the Secretary of 
8 ate for India in Council. The books of the stock are kept at 
the Bank of England, where all assignments and transfers are 
made. All transfers and stock certificates are free of 
stamp duty. The same facilities are given in respect of 
this stock for the tranamission of dividend warrants by post, 
and for the exchange of stock into stock cei tificates with coupons 
annexed payable to bearer, as are given in the case of Consols 
and India Four and Three per Cent. Stocks. Trustees are 
empowed to invest trust funds in this stock, unless expressly 
forbidden by instrument creating the trust.” Holders of the 
4 per cent. stock must give notice of their desire to 
convert on or before June Ist next. The advantages of con- 
version are obvious, as an immediate rise of 2 per cent. in the 
market price of the 4 per Cents. at once indicated. Holders 
whoconvert receive the existing 4 per cent. interest until the 
date of maturity of the Joan, the only difference being that a 
portion of it, viz., the odd half per cent. for a year and a 
quarter, is payable in July next. They get, too, for a stock that 
stood a week or two ago at less than 2 per cent. premium, 
which premium was sure to gradually decrease as the date of 
redemption drew near—an equivalent amount of 3} per cent. 
stock, which runs until 1931, and stands at 34 per cent, pre- 
mium. The latter issue, too, is rather likely to advance in 
price, since, ng to its volume, it will be by far the 
most marketable of the India Sterling stocks. The two issues, 
the 4 and 34 per Cents., now stand very naturally at the same 
price, since there is now no practical difference between them. 
The 3 per Cents. have advanced in sympathy with these issues, 
although the conversion is not, in all respects, to their advan- 
tage. Some little while ago the3 per Cents. were considered the 
** stock of the future,” but this prospect is rather postponed by 
the conversion of the 4’s into Sh pes Cents., since, as we have 
— the latter will for the present undoubtedly hold the 


FINANCIAL RECORD OF THE MONTH. 


Dvurinc the past month business has been fairly active on the 
Stock Exchange, but prices, as a whole, have not improved. 
The tendency at times has been upward, but latterly the 
unpleasant difficulty that occurred-between France and Ger- 
many has caused a sharp fall. At the close, however, a firmer 
tone prevails, as it is believed that no serious consequences 
need be feared. Trade has not been very active, but, judging 
from the available data, it continues to slowly improve. The 
iron trade is somewhat of an exception, since that has lost 
a, a result, however, largely due to speculative influences. 

he value of money has steadily declined, and the Bank of 
England has reduced its rate from 3 to 2 per cent. At present 
the reserve stands at 15,871,000/, or 51 per cent. of the liabili- 
ties, while the stock of gold amounts to 24,480,000// The 
position is, therefore, a strong one. The foreign exchanges 
are, however, we and gold is beginning to flow away to 
Germany and Holland. But for the present this has little 
Significance, and, in the absence of any unexpected events, 
money is likely to remain very cheap for some time to come, 


nen nena 


ee nD = ~— 


THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL. [April 30, 1987 


The movements in the money market are indjoat. 
following figures :— f re indicated by the 


This Month, 


I 
April 27,1887, yt Month, 


March 23, 1887, 


Bank of England —Coin and bullion .........., 
Deposits, public and private 
Securities held, Government and private 32,976,224 _ 
Reserve 15,871,242... 
CRE, siiisectrymimditastienmcmnsnn SERIO 
Proportion of reserve to liabilities... 603% 
This Month. Last Mon 
April 29, 1887. March 238, er. 
Ba Market Bank Market 
Rate, Rate Rate. 


PUMIMINOIDL.Ssaiessdecokass: wis tetbuneds dducsmsoudbcbicess alte ies a : a as 
IN crate inde saseekk as binstaddinkentinentansteatensicharnse oS ce 
cbadidine: Ae. omy, 4 94 


£ 
«+ 24,696,908 
34,275,638 
+» 35,693,F96 
+ 17,055,823 
23,589,470 


49} 3 


MUI. Wissuininidunsheil tina tecus 


24 


The imports and exports for the month of March, and for 
the first three months of the year in the current and two previous 
years, are given as follows in the Board of Trade returns :— 

7~~Total Imports.---— 
Three 
March, Months, 
£ £ 


1885... 32,067,000 ... 36,918,000 ... 
1886... 31,491,0.0 .., 86,731,C00 ... 


1887... 32,795,000 ... 92,320,000 ... 


7—British Exports. Foreign Re-exports.~ 
Three Three 
March. Months. 
£ 


Months 

£ 
18,182,000 ... 53,141,000 ... 4,483,000 ...14,455,000 
13,510,000 ... 52,107,070 ... 4,632,000 .. 13,059,000 


19,002,000 ... 54,066,000 ... 


March 
£ 


5,076,000 ...14,844 ,000 


The following are the receipts into the Exchequer between 
April Ist and 23rd, 1887, compared with 1886 :— 


REVENVE and Orner RéEczirts. 


Total Receipts into the 
Exchequer from 
Ist April, Ist April, 
to23rdApril, to24th April, Inc. or Dec, 
1887. 1886. in 1887. j 
Balance on Ist April, 1887:— <£ £ 
Bank of England 4,977,880 
Bank of Ireland 972,227 


5,950,107 


Land Tax and House Duty 280,000 
Property and Income Tax 1,617,000 
Post Office 500 
Tel 
Crown 
Interest on Advances for 

Local Worksand on Pur- 

chase Money of Suez 

Canal Shares 
Miscellaneous 


60,304 — 1,763 

242,855 + 49,157 

6,537,553... 6,713,159 — 175,606 

The expenditure in the same period amounted to 7,865,402, 
aginst 7,785,1751. 


British GoverNwent Sxcurrrizs, &c.—Owing to the 
cheapness of money, Consols have tended upward, and prices 
show on the month a gain of about ? percent. The 2} per 
Cents. have advanced 4, but the 24 per Cents. have gained as 
much as 2 per cent. India Sterling stocks have risenfrom 1 to over 
2 per cent., owing to the favourable terms on which the Four per 
Cents. are to be converted, details of which we give elsewhere. 
Rupee Paper has had a flat market, as the value of silver has 
ne y declined. Home Curporation stocks have been 

ealt in to a moderate extent, at firmer quotations. In Colonial 
Government bonds a good business has been transacted, and 
prices generally mark a gain of from 4 to 1 percent. It may be 
noted here that amongst the subjects recently discussed at the 
Cvlonial Conference was the advisability of authorising trustees 
to invest in these securities. At present, when not otherwise 
directed by the trust deed, they are restricted in securities to 
those issued or guaranteed by the British Government, India 
Sterling stocks, Metropolitan, Board of Works stocks, and the 
stocks of the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland. If, 
however, the list is enlarged, it would probably be well to 
admit other issues than Colonial stocks, such, say, a8 Home 
Railway Debenture and Guaranteed stocks, &c. 


Home Rartways.—Business has been active in this depart- 
ment, but prices, as a whole, show a loss rather than a gal”. 
Throughout most of the month the market had a firm tone, 
although there was rather a lack of buoyancy. This was due . 
the fact that prices, as a whole, had been pushed up to 4 high 
level, and also to the absence of any great expansion 1) the 
traffic returns. The latter were not unfavourable, but a 
were they brilliant enough to justify decided operations °Y 
operators. Latterly, the troubled aspect of political affairs on 





— —_—— are 


Dw ow we oe ee me 


—het * ee Cf chee CP eet ta SS GO ow ale OL 








1 30, 1887.] 


Apri 

the Continent has caused a sharp fall, but the final prices are 
| above the worst. The chief movement has been a rise of over 4 
er cent. in North British, in consequence of buying based upon 
the benefit that will accrue to the company from the opening of 
the Tay Bridge in the early part of the summer. Caledonian 
are also somewhat higher. The so-called heavy stocks have been 
well supported, but the deferred issues of the Southern lines 
have receded 1} to 1} per cent. Metropolitan, which is a 
very stagnant stock, has risen } per cent. Amongst outside 
issues, Furness Ordinary have fallen 4, while Rhymney have 
risen 5. 





Home Raitways 


Closing Prices. Highest and Lowest 


This Last Rise or Prices in 1887. 
Month. Month. Fall. Highest. Lowest. 
Caledonia. cocvassesscscvenenes cal jaehas 90} ...... j bdvees: = wakes 
Great RAGRREM sa ccesevesierenseee GBR soscee OR ane a ee TO} ...... 65 
Great NOPtR@En ........-s0rese0e0 SER csvste BUR crane 16 Ee ainsi 115 1 
po A Deferred .............. 1O3$ ...... 108% ...... sei. cased SE pean 
Great WOSROPTE ....5.s0ccceseseesce IBS ...... 1968 ...... te Ub: wnescc ay kes 133 
Lancashire & Yorkshire...... a sient 1203 ...... — bi. ee 113 
London and Brighton ......... BOIS finde BEG, ocreie mee Sagoo: NS wile 12: 
Do A Deferred _............... 120} ...... 1Z14 ...... — Ip ...... 122 ...... 109 
London, Chat., & Dover ...... oe ee GE abcess SOE: vei ae 
Do 44% Preference ............ 1003 ...... ee a oe HSE oi 
London & Nth.-Western ...... Te Seabee int ee ee ee BOSE on ccss 160 
Lendon & Sth.-Western ...... a penne | ee a. | eer 1 
Manchester,Sheff..@Linc........ 76 ...... WP stsas I Ry ious 
De DGRCRCOG dan istic ccteresictgd: BE: be-cce” SRR ccs ae oe ee Men 3 
Metropolitan ........sesseeeseees 1199 ...... SE vadinn ee 115} ...... 1074 
Metropolitan District ......... 429 ...... OE itisen, 3 Beton OP niin $ 
MAGNET iirc sacddiececatinasdesnsese BE. :nesens eR OF Ecco BaP apaner 122 
Norte BOON veisisiccisscorsecies’ BOGR ...000 1018 2... + # eS | ge 
North-Eastern — Consols ...... 153§ ...... 153§ ...... —m bo. 155} ...... 1 
South-Eastern ........5..c.cecseee : eS: eee ° a ee ews 124 
Ditto A Deferred ............ 109% ...... 110} ...... te DB cesiesy BAB. couse 


ForgsigN GovernMEeNtT Secukities.—The variations in this 
department on the month are not very important, a fall at the 
latter part having more or less neutralised an antecedent rise. 
The recent relapse is, of course, mainly and directly due to the 
arrest on the frontier of a French official by the German 
authorities ; but, in addition, there have been reports of serious 
difficulties in Afghanistan, coupled with rumours of the 
approaching downfall of M. de Giers, the Russian Foreign 
Minister, and the consequent ascendency of M. Katkoff, whose 
influence upon Russian policy is believed to be far from pacific. 
Russian stocks, however, close higher on the month, despite 
the issue of a new internal loan for 100,000,000 roubles, but 
probably the market has been manipulated in order to assist 
the latter operation. Most International securities mark 
2 slight gain on the month. Amongst South American descrip- 
tiens, all the better-class issues have continued firm, and there 
isa rise of as much as 4 per cent. in Nicaragua, and in Santa 
Fé 6 per cent. bonds. Low-class issues, with the exception of 
Peruvian, have also mostly improved. 


ForEIGN GOVERNMENT Bonps. 





Closing Prices. Highest and Lowest 
This Last Rise or Prices in 1887. 
Month. Month. Fall. Highest. Lowest. 
Ar zentine OX BOTS seiers 00° ee) ee Li steals = eed 
6%, 1881 ...... 108 102 i} 2 103} ...... 99 
D0 Bey BAMA socssasttee persecaie OE oben OD cnsnk. He Ethie 914 ...... 85 
Austrian 4% Gold Rentes...... BD: : cicsse OO ww: >:6. 2000. i nee 8 
Brazilian 44%, 188B... .....ccc00 OBR overs ie + 4. .. ee 20 
BO Oe, GI  crecreksevednes estvhs ace” Lik. clans weet IE as 
Buenos Ayres6%,188Zand 1886 93 0... OT ccs > 2 siscus RIE dennce 91 
0-Gi, BEI ; civendensdocincoceses 98K ..... OP Sines be 8: abies SI hemes 92 
Chilian 44 % Conversion Loan. 190} ....., ee sits eB mi 101 100 
Egyptian 4%, Unified ........ 76) ...... OP asa. & WE as 764 a 
Do 5% OR Ss inesdicke Si 973 . ee ae oe 91 
De 5% State Domain ......... iP savas i +S as Soca 39 
Do 4% Daira Sanieh ........  T1§x...... | ae Ae Beas 72% ...... 66 
French 44%, 1088 © ...c0cc0cc.c00. LOBE «+0000 1079 «..... ae oe 108} ...... 
Hungarian 4% Gold Rentes... 80} ...... GO awe OR ccccce | BAR eee. a 
Hallam. SY, RUUD. dcesincciocccseas . OF. socees 96} ...... + Bic, Sook 
Mexican $Z, UBBE woc.ccc. coccesece 20D cevece OR acoees eI eon 7 ed 
Peravian 67%, 1870 ..... .....+.+- Deccan We seseek Oe cance WD proves 
iL) 4 | Ree ee SOF diac mB cise Oh aik 
Portuguese 8% wecccccccesessecvevee SO cevaee 54 + 1B inn 56h ...... 
Russian 5%, 1873 .. Red SLU. asses > Used OE insu 
Spanish New 4% ......ccsecscsevee 644x... 64 fe - OE mens 
Turkish 4)%, 1871.. 734X....00 * ested + 24 TOR ics 
Do 5% Defence 854X...... 866 ...... te Tin TB: tee 
Do, Group I. ...... 96° ij. 003 22} ...... ee ids cee . 
OS ka BOD evinces ae + as 
TOU Pile MNNY s. shiccreccneiscnene 13 13 + oo. ie 
Uruguay Unified .........s.00000 OE ncxcat o-..' 4+ Bo. Saw 445 
irginia New Funded ......... OT as SB wii + 1p ...... he 50 


American Rai.ways.—Prices generally show a decided ean 
on the month, but the final points are much below the best 
touched, owing to sales to realise profits, precipitated to a large 
extent by the uncertain aspect of politics. Central of New 
Jersey shares have risen $8, although the reason why is unknown 
to the market at large. Illinois Central shares exhibit a gain of 
$34, owing to the bonus accruing to the shareholders from a new 
issue of 100,000 shares for the purpose of acquiring some con- 
trolled lines. Union Pacific shares have benefited by the news 
of the lease of the Uregon Railway and Navigation Company. 
Wabash issues have advanced, since the difficulties in the way 
of reorganisation are now nearly overcome; and St Louis and 
San Francisco shares have gained ground, owing to the deter- 
mined attempt now being made to in the payment of 
interest, These sre the most marked of the movements due tb 
special causes. Most other descriptions have improved from 


THE INVESTOR’S MONTHLY MANUAL. 









general considerations, such as the satisfactory state of trade in 
the United States, the partial suspension of the “‘long and 
short haul” clause of the Inter-State Commerce Bill, &c. 
Philadelphia and Reading issues have latterly shown especial 
firmness. The only decided downward movement this month 
is a fall of $2 in Denver and Rio Grande Preferred. 


Americay RaIbway SHARES. 


Closing Prices. Highest and Lowest 
This Last Rise or Prices in 1387. 
Month. Month Fall. Highest. Lowest. 

Central Pacific ............c00. OO cous = GE inca Dh cea BR te 
Chicago, Milwaukee, &c. ...... of edvans 944x ...... Z canons oot dosent 
Denver and Rio Grande........ 32. ...... ae oonena WEIR. Candas at 
Hilinois Central ................. 137} ...... BR igoes Oe acces MB. > aici 132 
Lite SROTO ooicicccccccccceceses on ER ee — $.... OE aed 934 
Louisville and Nashville ...... Oe ieee. ik HE A ERB ae 59 
New York Central ............... BIGB occore } ee ee ae BOD cckcks 112 
N. Y., L. E., & Western ...... 3st Nesése: SGM eben —— Bice 36 ow tes I 
N. Y., Ontario, & West ......... 19% ...... 302 ..... a oe 36 
N.Y.,Pns.,& Ohio(ist a | + & cose ae ~ enuti 43 
Norfolk & Westrn., Pref....... 634 ...... GEO envins HD cere SER woeeee 454 
Ohio & Mississippi, Ord. ...... BE ican... A amen te ce. ER  aiesen 24 
Pennsylvania, $50 shares ...... GUE snecke UE tencis wie GE senak 55 
Phil. & Reading, 50Shres. ...... aig. Ca iaedel GE cies: SEs conve 
OO I i) GE inane + 2h ...... Gb 2... 56 
Wabash, St. L., dc., Pref. ...... TE. Stesens | een GED. sete ot one an 


Cotontat Ramways. — Grand Trunk stocks show no very 
decided changes on the month, although business has been active, 
and prices have fluctuated considerably. The 4 per cent. 

uaranteed issue, however, which receives the arrears of interest 

or 1886, exhibits a gain of 3 per cent, Canadian Pacific shares 
have also vet Indian Guaranteed stocks have had a quiet, 
but firm market. 


Forrian Rattways. — Mexican stocks, the dividends upon 
which will soon be announced, have fluctuated violently, prices 
sometimes rising or falling as much as 4 or 5 per cent. ina day. 
These movements have been mainly, if not exclusively, due to 
the operations of rival cliques of speculators, who find these 
stocks an admirable gambling centre. Prices close decidedly 
below their best. On the month, the First Preference still 
retains a gain of 54 per cent., but the Ordinary and Second 
Preference are only slightly better. South Austrian shares have 
fallen 3, North-West of Uruguay 2, and Brazilian Imperial 
Central Bahia 14; while Buenos Ayres Great Southern, and 
Central Argentine Ordinary have each risen 7. Most sound 
bonds in this department continue to advance in price. 


CoLONIAL AND Foreicn RAILways. 


Closing Pricés. Highest and Lowest 
Last Rise o Prices in 1887. 
Month. Month. Fall. 
Bombay, Baroda, &e. ......... Me ii + DB age 1074 ...... 160} 
Pacific, Shares ...... | Pe ge ae en a OO ethene 
Bast Indian, Deferred ......... on eaves = prane* a ented = ooded uf 
Grand Trunk, Ordinary .. ee DO: cient: 2 aie SE ee 
Do 4%, Guaranteed ......... 784x...... FD ccccss ot a it ences 
Do, First Preference .... SSF ...... 81 + 1} ...... ek tenes 73 
‘ Preference...... 69} «..... C8 Kins + 13 ....06 74 
Third Preference ........ 37 37; ~ + 2 we 41} it 
Great Indian Peninsula........ 149... NOD cinta i edeaien EE ceene 
Mexican, Ord dpe duces GE cceese OD tiene FS ce i abeces 
2, First Preference ......... SOP ccs OR is + 5b ...... 128 ...... 1 
Preference OR nncece SAD civics + son: 0 ot denege 67 
South Austrian ........ Oe isis 7§ .. a acces Ee 


Bank Ssares.—The market has been firm, especially for 
Colonial issues. Bank of Australasia mark a rise of 4, 
of British Colombia, § to 1; British North America, 2; New 
South Wales, 1; South Australia, 1; London Chartered of 
Australia, 1 ; English of the River Plate, ?; London and River 
Plate, 1}. The last-named movement is due to the satisfactory 
character of the report, a résume of which is given elsewhere, 
and the proposal to issue some new Chartered Mer- 
cantile shares have fallen 1, the bank having fared very badly 
in the past half-year. 


Miscextanzous Secvurrries.—Gas and Water issues have 
been dealt in to a moderate extent at rather higher prices. 
Telegraph securities have continued fairly active, and a further 
advance has been established in quotations. Tramway shares 
have hardened decidedly, but London General Omnibus stock. 
is quoted 3 lower. Mining shares have had a flat market, and 
quotations are generally lower. Amongst the more prominent 
issues, Cape Copper have fallen 1, Mason and Barry 8, 
Tinto 3, Montana §, Mysore Gold 4, and St John Del Rey 15. 
Amongst other securities, by far the most prominent feature 
is a rise of 6} in Guinness and Co. 101 Ordinary 
Allsopp’s have also risen 1}. Regent’s Canal Ord have 
risen 10, Barrett’s Brewery 3, Bryant and May 1, City of London 
Brewery 1, Fore Street Warehouse 1, Spratts Patent 1, South 
Australian 3, Australian Agricultural 5, John Brown and Co, 2, 
Royal Mail Steam 2, Assam Teal, and Jorehaut Tea 7. In 
Insurance shares, Guardian have risen 2, Law Life 2, Royal 1, 
and Pheenix 8. are a . sg aes a fall Ondinary 8 
in Crystal Palace Debentures, 14 in Nobel's Explosives i ‘ 
1 to $s Peninecler ond Oriental steam, and } in Natal Land, 
&c., Ordinary. 


149 


_ Se a a a a a 
a = 7 























































































| 
: 
: 


1 3%, 1874....0+... 


ARGNTNE { 


| sai 1,683,100 
| $0 | 


ce nea ae yres, 
6%, 1824. 


Do 6 %, 1873 
Do 


DoCent. Rly.: 


6% Mt, Bas) 91 | 


Do Extn. 5 Bas a 


AUSTRIAN. 


88 
89} | 
Do 6%, 1882-6 88} ~/91]3982800) 1 
, 1883) 94 | 
Ent.-Rios6%,’86) m4 


0 Pa ana whe 


THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL. 


enone 


[April 30, 1867, 


BRITISH, COLONIAL; AND FOREIGN STOCKS, 


( The securities quoted below do not professedly include the entire debts of the State or Nation referred to. Ps 
Yield to: ‘Paicesor) — avs 


758 \ 


6,122,400/24 
| 2'450,000) 
924) 


1,500,000 
1,034,700) 
040,800) 


2,254,100, 


1,520,000 


1,434 1426 


654,500 


SInKING Funp. 


é 
"817 ,000) 29 
1% Mr. SpD.) 1921 

ee 1% June, Dec.’ 1919 
gyn 4 C 4,500,000 1 1% toperdions 81922 
8) i 

85 | 
Do 3%) 1857] oe 
Do . foo a 


1 000 004, pre wh en 
ar. 

1 “| July 13. | 19044 

‘ 


1% 
800,000) 1 % 


1%) 
1%) 


| 1 %jJne. Dect 1914 


jnone 


LL PRICES OF THE 
inal Amount of | 
sane 


™ ‘102 pees 102 ‘103 


2,481,600 | ‘100 102 103 101 {102 
2,330,200 1100 (102 | ae 

758,900 | 1100 102 103$ 102 (103 
1,649,000 or | ; 914, 88 ) 2 


000,00 100 | 89 | Be 


Me reaeeT | 100 | | 744, 7 
4,783,827 100 | | 874) 004 


463,600 | 100 | | 974, 
249,300 |100 |... | -.. 
794,400 100 102 102 
1,689,500 ‘100 102 | 102 | 
3,893,200 100 | 97 | 98§ 
2,207,200 100 | 99 | 99 | 
amen 93) 954, 954 | 


1,530,000 |100 | 95. | 973 95 | 97 


1,364,126 100 | | 93 | 97 93 | 97 | 
' 


667,900 


‘Feb,, Aug. | "1892 
May, Nov. 1915 
Jn. ApJ.Oc 1906 


x 


junder 
Jan. & July Ry 


Jan. Sep. 1 1916 


| 19194 934 


June 1. 


drawingsor| 1913- 
purchases") 1914 


" 1914 654,500 ‘100 | 91 | 934) 91 | 98 


none, | 99,810,000 100, 65 | 66 | 65. | 66 | 
none. {139,713,000 |100 | 65 | 66 | 65 | 66 


1D 
A 
Do 
Nz 
i 
| 
| 
| 


5% Silwr Rnte?| ... fears me 
| 


1898 
903-10 
1910 
1933 
1924 


1891 
1914 


1908 
1891 
1891 
1896 


‘betwn,1888/& 1918 
vee 1889 


1929 

1891 

1896 
[1/913-15 
(1/915-24 


1|-1900 
Ha 01-18 
19111290 


10. 
o intl 
% of 1882/102 | 2,000,000... a 
% Ins.’85|103}| 8,000,000) ... - 
plas 4785) 95}| 16,500,000) ... - 
4,67, 


1961 ......| « 150,000 ... 
Do 5 %, 1864 812] 1,000,000) 1 % 
Do5% Conso 


1868-72 .. | 99%) 3,631,400, 1 %|March 23. 
Do 6 %, 1866 903} 500,000; 2%)... 
Do 6%, 66-87 094 1,000,000 2h 
Do Auck.,6%| 95 000) .. 
Do5%,10/40' 00 

974 


De 8 7. is) 
‘ 
Do 4% inser] ~ 


oie 406,206)... 
Bos fi 0) -5}}240,000) ... 
7-8-80.. {9¢)to7 7,776,700) ... 

200,000} ... 


[1|917~24 
1/917-24 


Terman BY, "66 | 102,500) ... 
Do 6 ¥, 1868|1023|-5§}700,000! ... 
Do4 %, 1881-3] 984-194] 1946650) ... 


» 1879) 99 
*81/100 3,186,600) . 


Do 4%, 1885. 
Do Melbrn.& 
Hob’ B57B a 
W. Australian 
45 %, 1879: 97% _— 
Do 4 %, 188).| 96 404.000 1X from 
Do 4 %,'86,Ins} 974 525, | ten 
754; 1,440,000; ... 


200,000) 1 % 


* Purchased below par or by drawings. f Or earlier. 


Miele dividends, 16) % deducte'd from coup’s.] | 
A. 


**1895}-1902 > | } 8088000 10 | '1094/114 '105 


| 1,310,550 |! 


34,085,000 100 | 90 mdb 89 


100 hos 1107 101 a 
608,100 |100 106 1108 _|h06 108 | 
7,201,000 | ‘104 1065 104 j106 
813,700 104 1064104 |1 
7,186,300 |100 |1084)1099 108}}1 
16,500,000 |100 | 94x oe 94 | 963 


| 
93,100 |100 107 108 (107 
488,000 100 |113 [114 /112 


1,481,400 = 104 has 
2017500 |100 |105 | io7 {105 107 
329,900 |100 |107 |108 '107 }108 
31,600 [100 10105 ‘1063 |L09x:| 


3,500,000 |100 |1014/103 {1013/1023 

524,000 |100 103 104 (103 |104 
4,214,100 |100 |105 |106 |1043]105x 
16,135,011 {100 | 98 | 984) 964) 98x 
100 |112 | '1154 108 [113 
00 00 [112 | 115} 108 |113 
9,717,000 |100 |1004|103 1004/1023 
8,366,900 |100 eo 10441005 /t04 | 


| 
468,800 |100 112 /113)112 {113} 
604,700 |100 |1224|125 |120 [125 
278,500 |100 ta 14 | ju 


100 |100 1024)100 102 
100 |101 [102 (101 |102 
1014/1023} 99}|t02x 
1024 
1014/104 |1014}103 
1124/1144 }1124/1143 
113 L19BIL12 {1154 
1014|1033/1014/103 
1014/1038 |1014/103 
108 |109 108 \109 
107 {108%/107 {108 
104 |1064/104 [108 
1074|1094'1073|109 


108 
113 


104x 


1 365°300 
"900,800 


1034 
109 
105 
106 


109 
1095 
103 
1634 


106 
120 
113 


102 
102 
102 


104 |1004/1035|x103 


102j 
1134 
119% 


i 
105 |106}/105 |1064 


104}}106 |1043/106 
105 |106§|105 {1065 
106x)107 |105 |106 
00 |106 |106 {104 |106x 
100 102 |1034|1013}103 
100 |1044'105 {1044(105 


100 a 91 | 93 


1058 


106 
106 
103 
105 


902 


Inv estor| 1887. 
iat Latest) —_— 


Price. 
ess | |Redemp. 
*Incladed| 


deps sig] 78 | 
ld pm.| 91 


383,100 100 100 101 993/101 | 1004 = 


| 6 


| 3 
3 
| 3 


SZ SeSet BW Se Se Ge Se Se Tod Co Cote Co Ce Ca Co Ce Se 


mm fF 
>» % 


Is 
1 
1. 
1 


0 
Il 


19 
19 
18 


hm mM bee me Be a Fa Be ~ hm ba 


BSaneVRDOOHOTAABKNOS Wrwris 


Ce 


mA ASoes 


| Divipenps, 


3 1 ge 7 
gE r > 

3 e | 8 Payable. o here Payable 

| —_——____ 

0) or 1 Jan., 1 July. Baring Bros, 


6/104 e 1 Mar.,1 Sept 
1034) 084 i June, 1 cen \ C.deMutrieta 
z Fb. Mr. Ag. Nv) Morton, R 

6, ew 85 [Jn. Ap Jy.0c |Baring gy 

9| 908] 85 |t Jan.,1 Jy { Baring Bros, t 
a YS -Morgan&( 9 

10 11 In ApJy Oc.| Buenos Ayres, 

a PTO.) Ditto, 


Pea 12Jan. ADWly., 
pS pees LQWly. 
5 1023) \l April, 1 Oct | » de Murriet 
O03 | 97Hl1 April, 1Oct|\p. . 
5, 984) 91 11 In. ApJyOc., Baring Bros, 
$ 997) 92 IL April, 1 Oct. | Morton, Rose. 

5} 954) 89 (Il Jan, » Luly. C. de Murrieta 


0} 99 | 92 |1 Jan. yl July | Ditto. 
§) 97 | 88 | (Lk May, 1 Nov) ‘Mor ton Rose 
| 

6101 | 96 | 1 Jan., 1 July IC, de Murrieta 
‘| 94 | 88 /1 Jan. Ped Morton Rose 
6} - 
G} 66 
6) 90 


) Baring Bros, 


61 |1 Jan.,1 July. IViennain silver, 
60/1 May, 1 Nov.|Vi iennaincrncy 
8445/1 April,1 Oct, ‘Vi ienna in gold, 


01107 
6|t14 
9/108 


101 {1 Jan. gay, 
105 |1 Jan. abaaly. 


105 ii Jan, 1 July, Bank of New 


| South Wales, 


Bank of 
England, 


Crown 
rents lor 
the Colonies, 


National 
Bank of 


9|1064|1013!1 Jan., 1 July 
9109 |106 |1 Jan., 1 July. 
O\108 |106 115 Jne. 5 Dec ; 
B.of N.S. Wales 
106 1043 Quarterly Bnk of Eng 
6103 | 994/1 Jan. , 1 July.’ } Bank of 
S116 }106 j1 Jan., 1 July. 
Australasia. 
$}105 |100}/1 April, 1 Oct., 


9 1069)102 |! Jan., 1 July 
9}1092)1063|1 Jan., July } 
0 963) 924 | April, 1 Oct 
6)Ll4 (110 [15 Jn., 15 Jly.) | 
$}1044}102 | Jn. Ap. Jy.Oc. 
6109 |105 |15Mar.,15Sep 
S112 |1064 April, Oct. 
Crown 
6103] | 1003/1 Mar. ,1 Sept. Agents. 
$10 101 | May, 1 Nov. ) B. of ingland 
(| 984; 94 |1 May, 1 Nov. 'Bukof England. 
6118 |106 iio 1 July. Queensland 
O18 | 99 ji Jan., 1 July. National Buk. 
5)1044|104$}1 Jan., 1 July.| England. 
6)t18 |106 {1 Jan., 1 July.' 
9130 }115 {1 Jan., 1 July.| 
61023) 98 1 Jan., 1 July. ; 
©|1024}100 |1 Jan., 1 July. 
§|1024|100 }1 April, 1 Oct. 
9}105 | 99 {1 April, 1 Oct.\/ . 
9115 |110 BN i July.. Consolidated 
0)120 |106 |1 Jan., 1 July. | Bank, 


a 
6|1038] 994}1 Jan., 1 July.| | Fhreadne ie | 
6}103 |1014/1 Jan, 1 July.|. street. : 
$|110 |106 {1 Jan.,1 July.) London - 
6}109 (106 |1 Jan., 1 July.’ Ww wee 
0}1063/1014/1 Jan., 1 July.’ ‘i 
6}1094/106 }1 Jan., 1 July.) 7 Stoc 
0}1064|L024/1 Jan.,1July., Ditto 


9/106 |103}|1April, 10ct.: Ditto. 
91068 102})1 Jan., LJuly. Ditto. 


G: 109 \105 i Mar., 1Sept. 8 Vict 
8\107 (104 


oriacha™. 


LA ril,1 Oct. Crown Agents. 


3/1043/101 |15Jn., 15 Jly.| Ditto. 
slt05. 1034|15 Ja., 15 ly. Ditto. 


$94 | 9071 May, 1 Nov. Dace Bros. 


paste os 


—— 


oe 





yable 


Bros, 
rieta, 
Bros, 


08e, 
rieta 


rieta 
ose 


ilver, 


mcy, 
gold, 


New 


ales, 


of 


ad, 


nies, 


‘ales 
land 
and, 
and 

Bok, 


of 
d, 


| 


ia, 


\\ 





“Senne 


BRITISH, COLONIAL, AND FOREIGN STOCKS—Continued. 


| (The securities quoted below do not professedly include the entire debt of the State or Nation referred to.) 
| 












| . | | Srxxrne Fonp. | PRICES OF THE | 
1S | Original comer a Final | Amount of MontH. | tae 
STOCK. ) a | \§8| When | Re- Loan | lel eie1e|\= 
| Issue =| Applied. |4°™P-\gnred Pics She G6 ar 
| | Ba ppiie | tion, |72" i \S\m} 919) 
ponent en een 
[pRAILAN.| Z| £ | | i 7; e. 1 8) | | 
14, %, 1868 +... 88 | 3,855,3001§ {UP ere }- | 822,200 100 | 01 102 | 908 100% 
15%, 1965.....+4-. 74 | 6,963,500 1 %/Jan., July | 1902 | 4,708,100 '100 |100x 101 |100 01 | 
$9, 187] ...+e000s 89 | 3,459,600 1% (Bypur )| 1909 | 2,797,800 |100 | 99 1003/ 99 |100 
59. 1875....000.. | 964) 5,301,200 1%4 chase | 1913 | 4,713,300 \100 | 99. 1101 | 984.101 | 
4i,Gokd Ln.’79} ... 5,837,062:38 /, undr.p.} | 1899 | 4,474,968 100 | 96 | 96 | 94 95 | 
47, 1883 ......) 89 | 4,599,600) 1 %|from 1884.]) | 4,485,800 |100 | 93 | 1004 93 | 
4, 1886 ....esie- 195 | 6,000,009! 1 % puror dwgs| | 6,200,000 [100 | 99 |100}) 99 | » 003 
BRITISH. Difference between an- | oy 
3%, Consols ...) ... nual interest and '330,293,297 '100 | ‘1013, ii hor 1028! 
3°, Reduced ,..] ... 28,961,836/ applied to 77,681,297 | 100 /1014) '101})1004 1018! 
New 3%8 seseedd ose | urchases, and surplus 180,459,068 |100 |1003 (1013 }1005, 1018! 
New 34 %8 weseee] ove income for year applied | *1894 | 295,746 100 101 |102 925 ‘101 | 
New 23 Ys..... to purchases insucceed-} | 1905 | 4,647,799 |100 934 95 | 923 95 | 
Now 2) 28 | «| Ling year. "1804 | 33,228,820 (100 | 89. A 89 | 9) | 
Anns.,1908( 
Sea Telegrph)| . soe | 1908 | anty 36,000 | “| 144 149) 14} 14 
| Exchequer Bills, | 
| Mar. 2h 4%...) ... pA Si BAS ae 1100 |5,6p 7/6p 56P 7/6p 
| Do June, 3% ... bu | wee (100 | 5,6p 8p FP | 5,6p' 
| kyypt. Gtd. 3% 9541 9,424,000) Par. | or drawge. | 9,424,000 ‘100 | 99x 100 | 99 | oy 
| BeotEngindSt | { 
| (last12 months) F-...| (11,015, eentenielea) oa oe '100 294s 297 2 206 | 
div. 94 %)...0.. 
3,000,000 
iii) (2,680,769|guar anteed 3 %) sian 000,000 | '100 lars a 276 a 276 


Isleof Man 34% 








| debentures...) 984; 230,000) 1 %: ove 1927 | 

BRIT. COLUM'BIA'N. | | 

6%, 1964.........| 953]  100,000/23 % 1894 | 

67,77 (Prov. of) ... 150,000! 2 % 1907 

BRITISH GU HAN} A. 

4, Scrip, all p pd| 97 250,000 1 %ipurordwgs| iia 

CAN AIAN D| ON HNION. | || 

Intercol., 
wd by Brie ba 3,000,000) . | . {1908-8 

Do 5 7, Cana. { | 500,000. 1% | 1903 | 
dian guar., i 

Do Rupert’e| | 

i 4% 73... he Sepee ee | 1904 | 
jy 1874-8, 390-1 
Do Inscribed.} ... 12000000) 4% 1904-8 
(518g byG-Bt) 96}! 3,600,000! 4 % 1910- 3 i 
0 4%, Reded.; ... | 
Do Inscribed | ws | 64s, 136) .. | 1910 | \ 

34%, 1884....... a eee 0 ‘909-34 { 
he Inscribed| nese oy | 
Det ecrbel | }'4000,000/Part| Taser. (110-85 {} 

New Bruns.,6%! ... | 22,900, vee | [1)886- 91 

Quebec(Prv, 5%, 

1874-6 ......974-| 84]16600001 1%, [1904-6 
Do 44%, 1889, 78,600 LAs une, Dec. 1919 | 
Do 5% 1888. 07 500,000) . Lets, | tue 
ize” © 
|| CAPEof GOOD) H PE. | |S & 

6%, 1862-7......) ... tg les Ee 

6%, 1861... ae 4 Gos (| 1891 | 

5 hy 1865.....4.5 4 Pain| 288 4 ~= Sy) | 1900 | 

4S 5 % 
1873-80197 - ong 7,407,700 1 % March. 1915-9 
he MSE oo, | 984) 2,615,600 1% Nov. 1. | 1917 | 
ie 1861 wide 98f 2,000,000 1% May. 1922 | 

hy 1882.........| 954! 6 

i oh - } 3,000,000 1% | { 

5% 1883......... 1,525,890, 19 , 1923 | 

151968 Tnncrb, 3,791 on 1% -- | 1928 | 

4% Cons. ’86 .. .| None | 1936 | 
CEYLON. 

44%, 1876 ..... '1044)-5) 200,000 1 % from 1881.) ..- 

EG oe io 663,800 rs vee 
CHILIAN. 

3%,'42 rd. by ma} val 756,500  ... Mar., Sept.) .... | 

6%, 1967... vss, 84 | 2,000,000 2%January. | 1896 

45 %, 1885 ...... 89 808,900 4 Zipurordwgs wey 

44 % Leelee } ‘Com. in ’87 

0: °e 
all paid if 6,050,000 % purordwas 
ee Fi poets from— 

Series A,7% ...| 98 1,000,000) . + [oa 1889 1895 | 
Do B.7%..| 98 | ‘505, | gy 1891) 1895 | 
Do 6%... 98| 750, woe | pp 1801) 1895 | 
Do 6% ...1 98 1,500,000 ‘a, 2 cage 

COLOMBI AN. Qrterly.fm. 

€ % 1873 ...... } 20000. -{ poets | 


90-19 00 293,700 +m h 1063 16}, 1064) 16} 


| 
222 800 ‘100 | | 93 | | 985 a4) 98 | 


109,000 [100 |113 us| 110 | 110% 
150,000 '100 124 125 23 124 | 


oo, | 98 | ‘100 98 | ‘100 | 
} | ! 


3,000,000 | ‘100 12 112 ,110 | 1x 
480,000 {100 |113 | [E13 AL | x 


| 


300,000 100 111 ill 1100 11x! 
4,058,500 100 1062 1074, 1064) 1073) 
7,941,500 100 |1064/107 1053) 106x. 
3,200,000 100 |112 \112 ilO h11x. 
3,404,121 100 | 1054 1068) 1053 1064) 
3,039,015 5 100 | 11054 L065, ‘1054 (1064) 

$02,300 100 | 99} 100 | | 995, we | 
4,197,700 |100 | 99 100 | 
2,750,000 |100 1054 1065 1054 1064 5) 
1,250,000 |100 |10 5} 1068 1054! 1064 

$46,900 }00 1044 106 102 | 106 | 


1,660,000 100 |111 [112 111 ue | 
826,500 | 1100 {106 107 \105$)107 | 
500,000 100 |113 |1144, AIS 114 | 


i 
; 
| 
i 


86,800 00 |105 we 
138,100 | 100 ‘109 109 107 109 | 


100 | ‘104 1044 1034) 104 | 
100 |1034)1054 1034 105. 
100 | 994/103 | 993.103 | 
100 | 994 103 994.103 | 
100 100 1034100 | 1033 


2,701,800 | 
1,001,900 | 

920,100 
3,951,100 | 
1,947,600 
1,139,100 | 
3,791,895 | 
7,488,681 | 


191,600 | 
1,663,800 


134,300 | 
1,159,500 | 
808,900 | ... 


6,050,000 |100 100 
} 

1,090,000 | ... 112 

95,000 ; : . ‘il4 


750,000 | ... 109 
1,820,000 | « -. (MI 


1,913,500 | 1100 /29 29 | | 254, 264 


100 |1013,1043 1013 104 | 
100 102 1023, 100 |1024 


‘100 105 1106 105 198, 
'100 103 |1045 103 104 | 


100... , 
|100 103 
‘101 


3,103 104 
to 100 | 101 | 


111g 109 111 
113.10 | i113 





} 


100 |106 109 {106 1109 | 


101 100 100 | 


414 [112 114 


THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL. 





Yield to; Pricesor 
s |Investor| 
Poa, (at Pace ——_|____ 
ce, 
eo * | Redemp. 
™ [bnclnd 


8 a 








100 | 4 10 


1007 , 4 18 
995 5 1 
1003 | 5 1 
95 i 
948 
993 


1028 
2014 
1014 
102 
944 | 
903 


145 





Ste 


8% 
hm 
© 


B® 08 Ce dg te 
he Be be me be 
MNOS S&S 


8p 
6,p 
100 


sesame deepest armatigatciatataatir itt statitataranagliaas ita taaiimeiaatinliatiatt 


. 
mS 


be te 
“2G SVG D Sow 


Mh 


1028 | 


105} | 
104 


ete ee tes tai Gta tit eB > 


hh 
NN 


| 1084 | 6 id 
| 100g | 4 10 
I 


101 | 4 


et 
— 
— 
oe 
te es Or 


1 112 
“ 


6/1074) 1033) 


















1887. DiIvipenpbs. 








2 . | 
| 
Hix 


Payable. | Where Payable. 





0. 162 | 


91014 
5101 
oh oay| 


99 |1 April, 1 Oct. 


98 |1 Mar.,1Sept. 
98 \1 Feb., 1 Aug, 
973 1 Jan., 1 July. 
9) 964) 933 Jn. Ap. Jy.Oc. 
7 6 955; 904)1 Jne., 1 Dee. 
2 on 964/1 Jan.,1 July.) 


3, 11023) 1003} 5 Jan., 5 July. 
6/1013) 993)5 April, 5 Oct. 
6/1013! 993/5 April, 5 Oct. 
0102 |100 |5 Jan.,5July. 
9} 95 is 923 (Quarter! 

s O14 88 \5Jan,, 5Jaly | of 


4 Feb., 4 Aug. 


\7/6p! 5 silt 11Sep.| | _ 
8, p | 2,6d LlJne.,11 Dec. 
6/100 | 974) Mar., 1 Sep./Rothschilds. 


5299 = [5 April, 5Oct./ Bnk of England 
(* Portion|Bnk of Ire Siand) 
6 (291 (273 \Jan., July. 


| 


o 101 





Rothschilds, 





meneame aan 


Bank 
England. 








‘| 144) 





Bankof Ireland 


974)1 Feb., 1 Aug.|Coutts and Co. 


CrownAgents 
for Colonies. 
Bk. Brit. Clmbia. 





3 113 110 
9 125 


1 April, 1 Oct. 
120 }1 Jan., 1 July. 


} 
9100 | 98 |15Jan.,15Jly. 





— Agents 


L April, 1 Oct. | 


6.113 {110 
1 April, 1 Oct. | 
| 


f 


6114 {tl 





6 112 |109 ji April, 1 Oct. 
ay, 1 Nov. 
6/107 104 || May, 1 Nov. 
9113 


11€ }1 April, 1 Oct. 
é |LOG 


1034/1 Jan., 1 July 
5)1064}1034}1 Jan,, 1 July 

6,100 | 97 ~~ 1 Dee 

0)100 | 97 ‘1 June, 1 Dec. 
61074104 | i Jan., 1 July 

4 1063/104 |1 Jan. 1 July.) ) 

€} 107 1013 jt Jam, 1 July. Barings. 


912 hos h May, 1 Nov.|Bnkof Montreal 

4107 ie 1 Jan., 1 July. Imperial Bank. 

#116 |112 \t Jan, "1 July|Bic of Montreal 
| ; 

















t 
} 


{ 


311163) 106} I5ApL,150ct. 


The Crown 

g 71064) — fizate toot A 

- genteforthe 
0 1044)102 '5ApL, 150ct. 
0:1053/101 |1 June, 1 Dec.\Crown Agents, 
ones 98 ih June,1 Dec.| Ditto. 
El 98 |1 June, 1 Dee. Barings. [Bank. 
61033; 983 1 June, 1 Dec.|Lond. & West. 
0.109 |1044!1 June, 1 Dee Do 
0 bee 995) ; Do 
6 1024! 933, 15Apl. 150ct. Do 


0.106 |104 |15My.,15Nv, | Crown Agents 
6105 |102 | 15 Fb., Ag. | lor Cckenion 


bak Big \30Mr., 20S pt ere 
06,1043) 101 idan, 1 July. ‘S Meagan 
9 102 98}, 1 Jan., | July|City Bank. 


0.101 oo Jan, 1 July.| Rothschilds. 


O14 11095, 16 Feb.,16 Ag 
O118 ‘111 16Feb., 16Ag.| 
OLN: 1072 24 Mar. ,24 Sp.) 
— 1 Jane., 1 Dec.: 


| a4 255 {Qe sr | | 


HngKng Bak 
Ditte. 
Ditte. 








































THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL, 















































100; 123! 
big 












































18 | 11) 


152 ens hth a nT ee ae ee [April : 30, 1887, 
BRITISH, COLONIAL, AND FOREIGN STOCKS—Continued. 
: The securities quoted below do not professedly include the entre debt of the State or Nation referred to, 
oe | on | | | heres | eee — — 
Sinkine Funp. | Prices or THE | ICESOF ss 
8 | a Amount of Mont. Last | Investor 1887 Divipenps, 
& at al inal |__| Bugs, at Latest Ftc 
STOCK, fs | ce te] em lee Lomm [Pare all ness | Price ¢ ! _— 
e. ont P. Payab y ; 
i | ; Applied. = Unredeem " | £ ei 3 Done. 1 mA c | 3 ayable. Where Payat 
rer bon, | 525,000). se Sespeahite | cos 7 714 ry 704! 04 * 3 : 73 | 6 | 
5% “A” bonde y mm’ne 714 704, 704 | | 64 (t Jan.,1 Jul 
5% “B” bonds 1,475,000). } Sane wa§ (- Pr tet | Le ee fe 56)|1 Jan, 1July. rie sis 
DANISH. eeu Agcy. 
4%, 1850-61 ...) 90 | 400, a Sept. 302,000100 | ... |.» batt ssn . |l Mar.,1Sept, [So 
Bers cseuss 91 500,000 redeem.at State option 244,800 100... | [ore | ons ; Widnes. wll — and 
PANUBIAN FREE PALITAES | Roumania] | —" 
7 1904 res v\January. | 1888 94,200/100 |102})104 101 /1024) 1034 | 1044 1004/1 Mar ,1 Sept. ened Otto. 
> a ea 1,264,420 19 December, 1890 one 1074|109 106 1074) 107 4 11 Sore iJan., 1July. Preling & Ge 
DUTCH. 4 | Br | | (chen, 
jiiitiacatientost sobs | By | Purchases only.| 52,550,000100 | 73 | 74, 72 | 73 | 7233 9 £75 | Tl4lJan.,1 July. Oia 
34 ds,Govt. [ London, 
direct igsue..| ... 100 | 99 99 | ey 08x; 972 99 | 973)1 April, 1 Oct. Amsterdam ani 
UADOR. ee Due _| { Nov.,’67, dir, 
%new consol.| ... | 1,824,000 1,824,000 100 aaa 1g) mi | 12) 98)) wav 1868, {pa at 1] 
| % Austinfriars, 
EGYPTIAN. | | | 
& . "77-80! ... | 22,750,000) .., Feb, Aug.) 1943 | 22,296,800 973| 99 | al 963, 96 | 5 4 99 | 91},15Apl, 150ct.| | Comptr.d’Es. 
- nified +1 --» | 59,000,000) by purchase. 55,90 880 10 ie 764, 75 | | 764) 163 | 5 ‘ 704 689|1 May,1 Nov. | ipo Paris 
Daira Sanie 
. (now 42) ves] ove | 8,745,440) ... | au ld 723) 743 70 | 71 | 70$ | 5 12 5724 66 /15Apl,150ct. Imperial Bank 
ort., 1878 . ‘ 73 | 8,500,900 by | \pure.under| par. | + 7,416,340 ei) 95; 97 947, 97 | 963 |5 4 J} 97 | 89 | June, 1 Dec. IRothschilda 
3% on. ‘Lean. ; 954; 9,424,000) .. [pee or drgs} ... 9,424,000) . | 99x 100 | 99- u 100 | 3 0 6 i100 | | 974 l Mar., 1 Sep. Rothschilds 
IAN | 
43 %, 1881 ...... ‘100 150,000) 1 y optional 150,000/|100 104 05, (104 1105 | 1048 | 4 8 sane 103 |15Mar,15Sep Crown Agents, 
FRENCH. el re - . " a Treasury, 
3 % Rentes x oH ap 80} 804) 79 \3 0 79% | 3 16 0} 82 | 4 754 IJaApJulOct; Paris, 
asd, SY seaman |“) arenam oo argos 074308 108 | 4 3c rang.ou PAY AEN | tray 
3% Redeemable... ... |162,827,600\actulal] ... | 1953 | 155,584,116/100 | $3 | 84} 83 | 3 | 833 | 3 12 s 843 804/16JnApJyo.|) fans 
GREE ! | 
5 %Indepndnce ae | | | | 
1879(OldGr’k oe | | 
loans converted) 999,000| 3 % May, Nov. | 1899 779,000/100 82 | 834; 82 | 83 | 8345/8 6 §$ 834 76 |15Jan.,15Jly. [onian Bank. 
ees... | 74 | 4,800,000 1% June, Dec. } 1921 | 4,607,600/100 | 63 | | 66 | 63 | 65)/ 642) 8 3 0) 66 | 55 |1 Jan, 1 Jly.|Hambro’ & Son 
Fi cinen: | 683} 6,800,000) ... June, Dec. | 1921 | 2,179,800/100 | 62 638) 612’ 63/| 638 | 8 5 6] 65 | 55 1 Jan., 1 Jly. Hambro’ & Son 
GUATEMALA) od Pisa | [man st. bidgs. 
So ” Rees Be 100,000) 3 %|Notappli’d) _... 70,600|100 | 325) 35 | 324| 35 | 35 | nil, 1 Feb., 1876, |IsaackCo, Cole. 
6 % 1869... 703} 600,000 ¢ $|Not appli’d 1888 600/100 | 344) 37 | 344) 37 | 364 | nil | 37 | 2941 April, 1876.|Thomson, Bouar 
i | | 
HONDURAS. Pa | 
10% Rail. La, °67| 80 | 1,000,000) 3 /Dec., 1872. | 1884 900,700}100 | 74! 94, 4 9/ 9 | nil 93) 5] ) Last pa i London & 
10% Rail. Ln,'70} 80 2,500,000! 3 %'Dec., 1872.| 1885 | 2,249,500/100 | 74| 93) my 9| 8%] nil. 94) 55 } yay, 872. | | County Bank 
HUNGARIAN| | | | | 
Bein ainane | 81 | 3,000,000)14 %\July. 1904 | —2,219,200)100 98), 984, 964) 97x) 972 | 5 6 00 | 924 ‘April, 1 Oct., nee Raphael & 
Fe Rccciss | 5,400,000 14 % October. | 1904 | 4,106,300/100 974) 994) 974; 98 | 974 5 7 hoo 925/1 Jan., 1 Jly. 
scald Rentes’ 753) 20,000,000) ... 54,500,000/100 | 80 | a 79% oe 80) | 5 0 0 84} 73 | Jan, 1 Jly. a 
INDIAN. 
oes ok + | 53,479,364) [After| 1888 | 53,343,790|100 1orgit04 etalon 1038 | ...  |L04 1003/5 April, 5Oct. | At the Bank 
India3}%Stock| ... | 10,880,27 [After Jan.| 1931 | 10,880,278}100 |1013, = LOL? ieee 1038 | 3 7 6104 100}\Quarter! of England. 
India 3 % Stock) .. | 12,748,548 '[After Oct. 1948 | 12,748,548/100 | 87}| 90 i} 873) 90 | 88) 3 6 5! 903) 85 SJnA iJa0e Ditto. 
Enfac’d Pap. 47) led | aoe 3mnths’\notice.| 66,794,320) . 68}, ey 66 | 66% 674 | 4 10 6 714) 66 | Half- Vearly. no . . 
or yy ara 
Doth & ....:. \ ... | 20,502,923| ... \[Aftr Sp. 5 20,502,923) ... | 714) a 699/719, 712 |*4 17 6) 744) 693/15Mr.,15S t on India. 
abt 5,000,000 [18'89-91 |  5,000,000/100 iil {904 100" 100 |*3 10 6 a oorlle FE 16 Ag. ‘BankofEngland 
| | 
| | * rupee! senbebi dat 1/6 | 
ITALIAN. —(I nco ebtaten Ql vide: 'nds13-2%de|ducted frmcoupons) | Rothschild’s, 
5% Rentes, 1861.71&'285,000,000 Irredeem. 157,276,000/100 | 964) nite 963) 963) 963 | 4 9 01003) 90})1 Jan., 1 July. - ae - 
| ry ain, U 
— 075 85 | 3,600,000) 1 %/bypure.und/er par.| 1,674,780/100 |101 |102 Pe 101 | ol | 4 4 3/102 | 98 Fue 1 De Hambro’ a 
tion 6 % ...... | . |Dec., at 120) 1915 | —2,365,000/100 |1144/116 /113 i114), 1135 | 4 0 1164 111})1 Jan, 1July. Sankee' at 
57%(Maremm’na| ae 
; 1.), ICA.” 74 | 13,782,000; ... December. | 1960 | —_1,740,580/100 | 96 893 | 95 | 96 | %F | 4 9 9/100 | 93 |1Jan.,1 July. Hambros. 
*% | | | [Colonies. 
Gt. Britain’ 904 287,700; . 1897 358,100}100 \ es . |... JanAprJyOcCrown Agents 
44 7%, 1879 ...... 0 100,000 {1 ‘%itrom 1885.]| 1923 100,000/100 {105 {105 103 \105x) 4% 6106 |102 |1A ri, 1 Oct. Ditto. 
4 eee vsee| ed 1,082,500 (1 7,|from 1887.]} 1927 786,500|100 |101 (102 101 /102 | 1005 | g 79 o)102 1100 5 115 Ag. Ditto. 
21803... wee eeeees 92} ma | April. 1898 | 1,642,580/100 [111 umn 116 | 1174 | 4 13 ye 110 oe 1 July., (Oriental Bank. 
6 %,1965......... 8 | 40 ies i 1895 |  240,000/100 1114114 '109 \1114) 114 116 |109 |15Fb.,15Ag..) Crown 
Coe, 5 ATS cece sonopel 2 after  1881-} 1920 95,800}100 hor 108 i107 108" 1044 4 i 6 i108 1105 \15 My, 15 Nv. hae 4 
4 "| 200,000, if 1922 | 302'800/100 /101 /102 /191 192 | 99° | $79 102 | 99 15 My, 15Nv. } the Colonie 
+r, 1 (otpa) | 10,241,650) . inn 10,241,650/100 | 283, 291) 284, 293) 29 | it, | 204, 24 | (1% paidon ) Baring Bros 
mag | | | '4 coupon due oy Br08 
reeees 60 | 4 | 4,864,800 133) 124, 193, 123 | it, July, 1866.|) Bariog Bros 
Bad 































RN ee SE Ea 





_ April 30, 1887. | 


THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL. 


BRITISH, COLONIAL, AND FOREIGN STOCKS—Continued. 


The securities quoted below do not professedly include the entire debt of the State or Nation referred to. 


Surxnse Foro. 
arts 


ey Unredeem’d 


Conv. in- 
to 5 %'s _ 1895) 

l | 

ltcom 1880. ]| 1919 | 

: of | 1926 
1924 

1927 


| NICARAGUA. 
Scrip, all pd.| 924 


| NORWEGIAN 


1919 


w.. Jan. ['87 to) 1917 
April. [ [39t/o 1932 
2 to| 1934 


PARAGUAY. 
8 nt Pub. Works, 

871 80 | 1,000,000 
v1 Pub W — | 


85 | 2,000,000 
8) TA |TE 
1 


2%|My 74unpd| 1893 
2%\Jne74unpd! 1893 
yable 


pa 
00,000! { in|20annual }| 1905 
djrawings 


ORANGE F, 


81}| 11,920,000] 2%! Ap.&Oc.’80| 1904 
s ¥ Consol, *72 774| 23,215,000| 2 %\Jan.’76 due| 1898 





| PRUSSLAN. 
| 44 Consols,1880) . 


RUSSIAN. 
6,400,000) 1 % 
6, £500,000 3 g giSeptember. 
arch 
Muss urchse. 
15, 000, 000|atSt costal 


6,000,000! 1 % 


1901 
1926 


1882 
January. | 1902 
6,000,000} 1%) May. 1904 
12,000,000 + 7, September.| 1951 
11,110,000} + %September.|1951 


12,000,000) 4, % February. | 195i 
12,000,000 ty March. | 1954 
ty 
ty 
4 


h 
5YAnglo. Dutch 
Ln.,’64(1002) 
5% ‘Anglo- -Dutch 


% 1954 
y 1955 

1957 
1962 
1914 
1928 


1952 
1954 


1950 


1945 
1954 


fe 
fe 
he 
+ Z| 
1% 

April, Oct. 
December. 


8,904,200) ... 
4,349,280) ay % 
yaisiieal % 


1,920,000] 4 %| 
4,500,000), % 


July. 


February. 
October. 


SAN DOM 
6%, 1869 rere 


SPANISH. 


4%, 1882Extrnf) ... |172,665,943) ... | irredeem. 
2 overdue cps.| ... | 13,397,700|redelem. at 50 % 


fr icksilver 
ort., 1870... 80 | 2318,100/14 %| June, Dec. 


STRAITS 8 
4 %, 1877 : 


SWEDISH. 
4%, 1878.00... 


88 | 
1880 ...197)4-84 





1894 


157,700] 1 %| Dec., 1872. 


1900 


Oct. 1891 


TS. 
100,000/54 % 


ee 1882. [’88\to1934 
5,500,000) frm.\A pl.’82[95 to 1930 


| 


Amount of 


1885|-7 


| PRICES OF THE 


Monts. 


Loan Par. 


E 


11014)105 |1014 105 
108 1174108 1173! 
106 '1174|106 1174! 
102 i107 | 102 |106 
99 |1024/ 99 101 
105 jis pes 1113 


333,200 100 
{1004 


1,678,630) 100 





285,000 100 | 88 | 92 | 88 | 92 


aad 101 1024, 101 |102 
1,642,700|100 |102 {104 1102 103 
1,130,900,100 |104 |105 |103 \104x} 1 


Ty 100 | 17 


548,300/100 | 17 


| 


95,000/100 {103% 1042/1035 1044 


183) 17 | 185 
18}! 17 | 183 


164) 153) 16 


11,141,580'100 | 164 
14 | 133! 133 


20,437,500/100 | 133! 


34?) 56 
914 


51,922 974/100 55 


a 
2,460, ties 934 


94%) 913! 934 


oad on 
hoa 
1044 105 105 


16,250,000) 100 1044) 


1,650,000)100 
4,160,000'100 
3,082 000} 100 
15,000,000 100 


| 


| 
me be 
a 


93 
923) 95 
88 
71 

98 | 96 | 98 


4,015,405 100 98 | 96 | 97x 


4,312, ss 98 | 96 | 97x 
22,230,560 100 86 | 84 | 85 
11,746,350 100 974, 96 | 97 
11,769,650' 100 92 | 934 
14,739,750) = 94 91 | 934 
14,765, ae _| 939) 959 
14 »758,550' 100 
23,874,775| 100 
13,979, mote 
rouble {es 
loans 100 
‘00 


8,765, 
1,675,4201100 | 93 | 94 | 92 


4,263,590 
1,855,300;100 |102 |103 [102 {103 
4,406,700,100 | 95 th 94x 


96 
92 
94 
94 
87 


004 1003 004 | 100 


93 gla lala 94 
94 
17 | 16 | 16 


714,300 100 | 16 | 


77,538,000 953) 648| 65 | 633) 643 
arena 46}| 479) 464| 47 
1,534,000 100 |104 |105 103 |t04 

sail 104 |105 |103 |t04 


1,456,320 100 |103 |104 {103 |104 
5,286,000 100 |105 [105 {103 /104x 


Last 


tse 


101 
108} 


Yield to |PRiczsor! 


Investor 
at = 


| Redemp. 
‘Included 


£ 


1064 | 3 7 


1053 
1024 
1134 
2004 


914 


94 
937 
163 
643 
478 
1033 


1034 


103 
104 


A A ABAAH 


A AMAA w® 


3 
8 


Mm 
OQ Ww we SO %& 


OQ 


: : ae! 
* Bs QANOCwW NV 


17 


16 


1887. DIvIpENDs. 


:| | z Payable. |Where Payable 
wie e 3 


Ditto 
Ditto. 
Ditto. 


ae she 
105 100 
117} 107 

61174 105 

9/107 |101 


-_ r, 150ct. 

y, 15 Nv. 
15 My, 15 Nv. 
16 Mr.,16Spt. 
91023 97 |15 My, 15 Nv. 
9114 |L04 (15My, 15Nv. 
9 . 1I5My, 15 Nv. 


6) 92 ) 88 |lJan. 1 July|City Bank 


| 
6/1023 /100 1 May, 1 Nov. 
01104 \100 [15 Jn. 15 Jly. 


joann 
61105 |102 |15ApL150ct|) © Som 


9105 102 t Jan., 1July. {Seer ate Sa 


Robinson, 
Fleming, and 
Co. 


18s \15¥,\due 1June,’74) 
t 183 154 due 1 July,’74 

ie 163 133) 1Jan.,’76 | &.\Schréders, 
| 103/1Jan. 76 5 Schrods.& Strns 


6) i Jan. ,1July!} nanel nanet Ag 


In aes 


494) 


he 
915{1 April, 1 Oct.| 


5 943) 


3'105 |101 |2Jan., 1 July.|In Berlin. 


3, 96 91 ae aed t.| Rothschilds, 
0; 95 | 91 [LJan.,1Ju 
3 $93) 88 {1 June, 1 Dec. | 
9 784 pg egg pe 
8 98 | 915|1 May, 1 Nov. Rotheckiide 
914/1 April, 1 Oct.|Barings. 
92 |1 April, 1 Oct.| Barings. 


1 My, Nv. 
$23) iM 1 Nv. 
93 |1 Feb., 1 Aug. 
90 {1 Mar., 1 Sep. 
903, 1 April, 1 Oct. 
903, '1 June, 1 Dec. 
81 |1 April, 1 Oct. 
.-. |I3My., 13Nov|Rus.Bk. For. Tr. 
98 1 Jan., 1 July. Berlin, Paris. 
... Jan. July. (St Petersburg. 
... |May, Nov. Ditto 
63 1s Jne, 15Dec.| Barings. 

91 li Mar, 1 Sep.|Raphael & Sons. 


91 (1 Mar, 1 Sep.|Schriiders. 


99 |1 June, 1 Dec’| Barings. 
91 |17 Apl, '17 Oct. Thomson, Bonar 


Barings. 


Rothschilds 


13}/last pd,Jly’72 


663| 594|1Ja,AplJlyOc}Financl. . 
g 478 = Je, Oe teed 
6105 |102 {1 Jan., 1 July.|Rothscailds, ° 

91105 103 |15 My, 15 Nv.'Crown Agents. 


104 |101 |15Jne,15Dec |C.J.Hambr’&Sa 
0.105 |102 |1 April,1 Oct } “Ditto 


: 


* Purchased below par or by drawings. 


ee ________ en 






















———_ i — 
THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANDAL. [April 30, 1887. 


| 

| 

BRITISH, COLONIAL, AND FOREIGN STOCKS—Continued. 88 [fm 
(The securities quoted below do not professedly include the entire debt of the State or Nation referred | to.) | 


































lg INKING FUND. — $a ~~ ano ao, = 
ONTH, vestor : Divipen 

* feet Last DENDS, 
& | Original 4| Finns | Amount of ————| Lat nt La tae oe 

| Issue, [25 ‘an | § | ness Redemp. i | E | payable ‘WhereP. 

2 &| Applied. |“ionP'| Unredem’d Kk Done. included! | yable. WherePayabl, Hi) 
a ies eM. | 

£ | £ 


ed ep z ba £8 2S ee 
+-|1003 13] 250,000 1%) February |1915-2/0] 201,720 {100 |106 |107 |105 {106 | 1065 | 4 22 61108 {104 [15Mar.15Sep Crown Agents 
4 %| from 1883 1939 | — 337,900 |100 |102 103 /102 03 | 100 | $27 9 


103 | 98 |15 Mar. ne {for Colonies, 
I (The|minimum 1\%pr. ann. on Reg istered Stocks, | | 
oe | 80 3,000,000| 2 %! } July. (1927 | 1,701,100 











95 | 96 | 93 es 9 (|5 6 O 968 90 |LOAplL. 100ct| Dent,Palmer, 





























ae | 11,126,200! | | (AB&C ‘bonds)| 75,223,165 |100 


5s | Sh 14) 12/13 | 134 | 713 9 
27,777,780)... ; 


| 14 | 12 |13 July, 1876 
12} | ? 18 ’ 14 ) 12 |13Mar.13Sep 


now 4 
73 | 5,700, 1% not applied. | 5,878,700 734 7a 3 72 7343 734 | 6 16 3) 743 G74OApL10 Oct. and Co, 
t pre ise 4,609,700 854) 86 $4 854x! 5 17 9% 864 784 10Apl1,10 Oct. \Glyn, Mills&Co, 
83 | 7,427,260| 2 | 1907 | 6,698,260 68x aol) 67 | 68 | 8 8 9 6| 70) 6 adar-138ep 
5,000,000 * . i eee 22 =} 21 | 21 ~ | 4 15 3 23 | « ar. 1é Sep. 
ba dewk cies | iat ‘ ‘“ i Aa 3,260,000 a | ‘aia | ka vee | eee [LBMar.13Sep. | 
8,000,000) .. seid vt 29x, 22/21/21) 21 | 415 8) 245' 19 |13Mar.138ep. | 
rete s | rrr f Y°9:588,000 4 oo. logax! ... | ... | 229) 228) 4 8 q ... | soar | 
eta | ee ahs | op ONE teeta [ot Mom cto | mana, Hn 
| } } 
ors] es 96,590,000) 1 % | ) 13x 14} 12/13} 1281728 9 14/12 h3Mar.138ep. Imp’rialOtto. 
| a | j reseesnne ok T tok Ted Pee Boe eee wes | see |13Mar.138ep. t man Bank, 
6,000 000/28 7 13x\ 14| 12 | 13 | 138 | 723 9 14| 12 |13Mar.13Sep. 
0 a | 2} 2,920,000 ee ek cad | ae | sre | eee | sxe [IBMar.138ep 
22,222,220 1% pe 12885600 13x. 14} 12 | 13 | 139) 7 28 9) 14} 12 |13Mar.13Sep. | 
os Le ST 8hx! . | | se» |L3Mar.13Sep. 


+1 lprsoa¢i9g { (200 | 13x, 14 | 22 | 13 
" - args { 10 lea 4: ae | oes . |L3Mar.13Sep. J 





























i 


5,000,000 es May. 


| 





rg rated ass 
4%, 6. y Engind 
& France, ’55|102§ 





| 
71900 | 3,815,200 ne 107 108 106 07 108 | 815 §109 |106 bRbet Ang mo England. 








44 ,1876}2 pm| 50,000,000 


| 
{ 
Redeemed | by djrawings. 11024 a 103}, one 103 | 103 | 228 904) 1023 Fb. MaAgNv. 1 cti 
‘not before| 1891 | 50,000,000 O24 111 113 {111 (1124 1128 | 4 0 5)1134 1104 isa.Sp De Bete ee eee 
3 











Baring Bros. 


4% Funded, ’77) par 000} .. not betone | 1907 147,538,690 |102})131 182 130 131 11 1 9132 130 JanApJlyO 4061 
‘ae eve ons : aiee ae va 466,250 100 | 354 38 | 33 | 359, ... nii | 38 | 33 | pegs { Bene {tl 
” es oer 7 . r 
DoNoFnd 63 260 | 1,825,260 |1024) 40 42 | 38 40 mil, | 42 | 38 | dv.unp 
(Registered)| . 4,049,900) i ss | i 2,920,600 |1024| 56} 58 553 553, 563 oe 58 | | 60 |L Jan. 1 July, 
Masschustts 5%, 
Sterling ...... ... 610,000. | 1888 610,000 |100 |102 [102 [101 101x; 1015 | 4 20 6)103 01 1 Apl., 1 Oct. 
Do 5% Ster, '66| 7 826,600) . oe 826,600 |100 /113) 115 |112 '1133) 1133 6115 |112 |1 May, 1 Nov. 


26, 
Do5%ZSter, 70-5 87-|98] 929,300) | 


410 
8 3 
619,800 |100 os ,120 |118 a 10a} $ 6 SQL {118 jl Jan., lJuly) 
3 12 
3 10 








. 7 
* . . 
ee . * 

sasenenstynpestnenetiitatae ates a Eee LPC 
































Do5%Ster,71-2| 91 | 1,363,400)... [Two iss.]|’89-91| 1,266,400 |100 |104 (105 \103 1: $)1084'103 1 Jan., 1 July) 
Dod%Sterling| ... | 576,500) .. 1895 |  '540,500 100 |111 112 |110 11 tin iy | 320 lis i 1 Jan. 1 July McCalmontBa 
URUGUAY. | | | | 
5 % Unified, ’83| ... | 11,112,600) ... Quarterly, v | 10,095,400 |100 | 56 573) 53 57 | 863 | 8 18 soy 445) 1JnApJlyOct aes 
| (Robarts and 
a a Puig | conte 
New ( 2,750 ‘by p’rchase! .., 680,850 |100 49 719 | 41 | 37 |15Fb,15Aug., Council fe 
ated 3% - |byP _ Banasne 30 $3940; 403 | 7 | 7 Peeves 
I | amount. | | | Bndholders 
i Stee ‘ i j i j 
2 SSS SEE At I rn iB 
BRITISH, ‘COLONIAL, “AND FOREIGN RAILWAYS. | 
a cy "PRICES OF THE | hast eA. sss ce 5 
Carrran. |” Mowrn. Last (tive yld.| 1887. es DrvipEnns. | 
nora omer estor —— —— 
RAILWAYS. Amt. Pst | *y Latest! ~~ Last Four. | 
Subscribed! of |Par. ie Z| \: : | me sae Price. (2 E Fy Rate per Cent. = Annum iB 
{ ss & & zi ne. per Cent | = | *Tnterim. + Per Share. uae He 
6% ist Mo: 1908! $ sapaltae \taa eae ke | i. ¢ ates hint ae 6 6 July86 6 Jan. 81 | 
ame 00 tn Nol ani MURA E ae Eas ag | #7 ge | Bam 6 Sens vs tT 
A6 % preference ...... 4 $800,000 10 | 10 10, 104) 10 104 10 ’ | 104 94) Gin Mays3 2*Augs3 4 Mar. 84) nil. ee iB 
Do Orprinaky, B SHARES ..... ...... 1,566,000' 10) 10 4 | 4 | 33) 33 3 | _ mil. “fi 331i nil nil. nil. A Ls 
Alabama, New Orl.,& Texas6 %debs.| 1,500,000| 100 |100 ss 74 712| 72x 71g) 8 6 9 | 714) 6 Oct. 85 +5 Apl. 86, 6 Oct. 86 6 Ap! 87 
Do 6 % 2nd debs., 1907, or earlier...) 700,000} 100 100 | | 625 65 | 60 | 624, 63 ae 65 | | 60 | hs 
Do preferred A shares ..,............ 1,500,000 10 | 23 3 | " 3 213\ nil. 3t) 24 nil. | nil. nil. nu. 
- Do deferred Bshares.................. 10 | ~f 1; i} | om of tg ni, | nil, | _ nil nil. : 


2,500,000 | ai 
Ran te 96 Seite. Sak by i9ia 205,500! 100 100 104 107 104 hon | 1064 5 9 9108 103 | 6 Aug85, 6 Feb.86 6 Augs6, 6 Feb. 


Do Suares—guar. 7 % by Brazil. 300,000! 20) 20 | 17 5A 1.86 4 Aug86 6 Mar.8i 
Albany & Susquehanna 7 } Genel let! | 15h 17g 15) 16 | 164 6 6 q 174, 144) 5 Augss p } 


















iekeny ve by Del.& Hud. Canal) $1,000,000) $1,000 1024, 1294 132 127 1294 187 | 416 6135 27 ” Oct. 85. 7 Apl86 7 Oct. 86 7 Apl. 87 
Valley 7% Ist More, 1910, $1,000,000 san 1128x 1304)128 ry 1303 | 4 17 O131 {196 | 7 Oct. 85, 7 ApLS6 7 Oct-86 7 ANTE 
Do6% (ld, oF 7 70ur. Mort., 1910) 1,300,000|... {1001135 135 1314/1313 1324 | 4 16 61135 |130 | 7 Oct. 85, 7 Apl.86 7 Cot Be) Fas 
Antwrp. & Rotterdam 3 Obligations 1,680,000 20 | 20 j ote |. ls nt May85) 3 Nov.8: 3 May86 10 M: ayst 
ge a RE Ne GE OE 501,000} 10 | 10 | 22 | (93 9] | 99 225 | 411 6 28 | 21 10 May83 10 May84 10 May85 9 Jae 
Arica & Tacna......... ssrsthbealotss esbe 450,000, 20 | 20 | st we AE 310 bg nil | 2pDec.84) 1pJne. BH Fahl 
~~ &Santa¥e,4% bndsl920) $4,996,000, .., 1024 tae 103} 1024 1035, 1035 14 6 6106 1024) 440ct. 85] 44Ap1.86 4b0ct 8 0 gg 
cai at) he $7,348,000) <. (1024115 116 ‘114 14 115 | 5 7 O16 1124 6 Ine. 85! 6 Dec.85 6 Ine 19 
. va oA tein 839,000) ve | ove | BBR) 60] | 854) 60 60; 58 |... | 653 53| 85/due |in 1676 paid eb, | 188% 
. . 5 < 87 
Atlan LaLeasedLines | ey Mette $05,200 100 |100 | 85" 87 | bal oy | 86 854, 55 Bb due | in 18767 Pe yulya6, + Jan. 8 





85 | 87| 867 | 4 23 0 89 | 84| 4 July85| 4 Jan. 86 4 +n. 81 
Rental Trust Lim. |Srocx ...... 805,200 lz | 89 |» 86, 4*Julys6 
Dabinal Gon Vounseo, Lies, pete , | + {100 | 76; 77 | 76 | 77 | 76k) & 3 80 75 *July85 4 Jan. 


1 5). 87 
7 % for years on 1,800,0001 .... 1,800,000 20! 20 | 234) 24 22} 29}x, 23 | ,Oct.86 6)APlS | 


6 16 6 2! ' 995 7 Oct.8 Oct.85. 7 7 Api s6: 6 
T 24 % in b, and Cortibeats tor Fenlaing §% » 











i 
! 













| April 30, 1887.] 


Capiral. 








Sebbeithadh an 








Pitti. siinonciniiapaadiacmg ection 
‘Bahia and San Franeisco, Limited,| 
—Timbo Branch Guaran. 6 4... 

‘Baltimore& Ohi06% St’rling bnds 1895 
| Do, do, 6 i Sterling bonds, 1902.. 

% Sterling bonds, 1910.. 

Do, do 5 7, 927 
Do, do 4h je 1933 
Do, do 5 % feo 1925 
‘Baltimore& I ’otomac(Tunl. 6% Ist Mt. 
|g. by“Penn.” & “N. Centl.,”1911 
| Do Main Line 6 % ist Mort., 1911 
} Banbury & Cheltenham 5% Deb. Stk.’79 
i Barbados 6 % preference shares .. 
| Do ordinary shares 
! Bay of Havannah ecrip certs. ......... 
| Bedford & Northampton 4 % deb. stk. 


Pee eee CP ee ee eee eee eee 


aia 2 2 | 20 





FOOT Oe ERE RHE Hee ee 





Poe eee eee ECS TOS Cee 


eee 


Tee CPP Pee ee ee eee eee 


= 





I Beira Alta (Portu ue) 3 L cbligns| 
j| Belfast & County 
! Do preference 5 % mh 
BD Do Gh Ye By tee tesks thssee se. oscenssac 
| Do. 4% preference 
|| Do OnpINARY SHARES .............. 
} Belfast & Nthn. Counties 4 % deb. stk. | 
| Do 4 {preference perpetual 
%, pref. perpet. stock 
| Do Onpinary Steck 
| Belgian Eastern Junction 
| oe and North-Western(Limited) 


OREO OTR REE HOHE Hee Oe ee 





Pee eee eee eee eee 


Bengal Central (L) g.34% + }th profits 
‘Bergslagernas5 % ee at91 
‘Bilbao River and 
_ CantabrianRail 


‘Birkenhead, guar w 
: L.& N.-W.&G. W 
Bombay, Bar. & C. Tndia otk g-min. 5%! 
Brazil Great Southern, Limited 63) 
ae debentures 
 Beasilian Imperial Central Bahia—6° % 
debn. —red, bydraws. by 1908-12 
CT die ae 
4% B deb. stk. 


pe & Merthy 


| Dod % pref., 1861-2:3-4-5 

Do OxpInany Steck 
Bristol and North Somerset 
| Bristol Port Railway and Pier 
Buenos Ayres & Ensenada 5 % deb. _ 
| Do 5 % B Mort. Deb. Stock 
Do 8 preference 
| Do ordinary shares 

nenoe Ayres & Pacific 7 % deb. stk. 


SOC R eee ee eee eee Ree e eee 


oO eee eRe Hee een eeee 


De Mercedes Extension, 5 % Scrip 
Buenos Ayres & Resario—S “deb. stk. 
7% preference shares 
| Do Sunchales Extension shares .. 
Do Orpixary Stock 
| | Buenos Ayres & Val. Trans. Rly. L.,| 
S. .0 YP a e 
BuenosAyres—U. Sthrn, L. 5%deb.stk.| 
Do Extension, 1890 
Do Orpinary Steck 
tenos Ayres Northn(L) 6% Deb.Stk. 
2 % Mort. Deb, Stock . 


Cee e RHO eee eee eens 





Dat Preferenoe 
Orpinary Srock 
i k., Philadel. Ist Mrt. 1921/$11, 000, 000 
ma ton, Cedar Rapids, & Northern 

f Iowa—5 % Ist Mort. : 500,000 





“Guar. Anns. Stk, No. 2 
h Coal Forfar, 5§ 9% 
ho 4 7% debenture stock 
: /, consolidated guarantd. stk.| 
m 19 consolidated pref., No. 1. 


prem.—conv. 1883 
4%, 1884 (convert. till 1889)... 

Do ConseLipareD Stock 
9 def. No, 1 (div, after7 

© 2 (div. pov 9% on ord.) 


“prin deb, caeeke a 49 








| 


Prices OF THE | 
Monra. 





Par. 


iz Lates} 





+2 
nN 

a 
30 

= 











\Share.) 





Ey 
S|E |S 
204| 2 e 


Line 112 io nit 


bot «cf 
ss 


200 |1003) 
200 {1002 

















1024) 122x 123 21 (122 | 
100 


o° 


5 at 

0 | 5 

100 100 101 wa 168 
- 24 acd 

100 | 2 |: 


"te. 20 | 





100 |104 | ... | ... 104 | 


100 |100 95x! 954 95 | 953! 
100 |100 hose 104 1033'104 | 


‘100 794x) ... | vee | 19H! 


2, 5 | . | 
1,100,000 Stock 100/101 {102 100 101 
110, 10| 73 73) 8! 74 72 
10 5 | 44) 4% 44) 4}! 


Me Pe eg 


10 | 123) 12 | 11g) 12} 
10 10 9%) 9) 94, Ore 


Hoo j195 |... | .. (125 | 
1100 114 1154/114 {115 
| 100 | (1654 1614 165 
100 |100 |106 1063) 105 105 | 


i 
| 


100 |... | 
100 | | ot te. TS 
.. {100 oe 
jo fae 

100 |100 | 


100 166 172 |166 /L71 | 
100 |105 |106 1043) 106 
‘160 [108 110 108. 109 | 


10 } 10 | 15 | 16) 15 | 155 


10 | 12] ... | 
100 | 774) 794 ie | ais 
1023) . Pe He 


"10 














100 |1094 


100 | 744) 8 | 74) 78 | 
jLO0 |... | vee | vee 
/100 35 Dis. 35 | 


1100 109} 1108 109 110 | 110} 
100 1043/1043; ro4a 1044 ate “me 


(100 | 974) 974) 97 | 

















ot 
a Oh 


tah on Meee me 





125 127 1125 127 | 127 
{ROO g 112 | 1113 itn 112 | 112 
‘100/112 [112 /18$'109x' 109: 


pd i 115 as 11134 114 | 14 


$1,500,000 $1,000 1025/124 |126 122 hes | 124 
“a 


eS 
= 2 SSO ANTS ARS 


274,125 fet i 


Me 


7) 8; 6 
100 104g) ves | eee 108$) 
100 [119 | ... z . (LD | | 119 
1100 {1114}. | 1g 
... |100 | 963) 97 | 964 97 | 
| “So | 50 | 51 | 514! 51 | 514) 


ba te, 


Re ararararae 
we aee eee aeee et 


on 
ors] ; 
LIEK tint sp = 
= 
bm ba = 


Nm RH Whew NA wm er 


bm 


— 


Oh 
Ke 


i HEE a 


2 & Nhe F&O 


wR 
ae 


20 | 20 | 164) 164) 16 | 16 | 


8 


100 |100 /113 ngs. 113 | 
20 | 20 | 22 | 22 195 194) 

100 10341105 | Is02" 11034) 
100 | 88 | 90 | 86 88 | 


a & 


ya} 13) 14, 14) 
ill 112" ‘110/112 | 
100 |t00 |105 106 ‘104 105 | 
10 | 10| 14 | 145, 14 | 143) 
10 | 10| 94} 83) 8} 83! 
... $100 /129 [132 (128 (129x, 
90 | 20 | 24 | 24 | 233 234%) 
100 | 65 | ... | 65}! 40 | 65 | 
... {100 iid 6 ‘114 L116 | 
10 | 10) 154 154) 15}! 153) 
10 | 10 | 158) 15 | 155 

100 | Br 156 5k 156 | 


20 ‘I 4 44 4}. 45) 
100 {121 eeatane | 1 


ut ER: 


Se: 


mo: 
eM. 


2% & 


Cea tn th. MWMwn Ww 


ip 


| 100 | 14741150 i145 Mary ” 


107 (169 |105 '107 | 104 
Keane ‘1143/L16 | 114 | 
100 Lg 124, 1105/1104 <112 
25 | 393! . | 394! 

100 | igang 1i7g 1178 «1195 \3 8 
1144 D14g/112g)112¢ x1 14) 2 11 
00 {Linsitit4 1095|110}-<121 | 

00 LIL {LLL (109 |110x} 1103 3 312 

100 |136 136 1334/1343 x135 

1095 107 $1073) x109 

100 | 993] 998| 973) 985) 


SSREE 





THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL. 155 


BRITISH, COLONIAL, AND FOREIGN RAILWAYS—Continued. 
Last yrs.| PRICESOF 








Last |dive. vid. 1887. | DrivipENps. 
| Busi- Investor! atthe Bhondceenintessnensnenesds tiie tliescasiedeiaaonasiibaniag 
at | z Last Four. a 
4 | Rate per Cent. per Annum. 
‘|PerCent. = | 8 *Interim. + Per Share. 
Et cid paticiiesaisamiaamencn vitae aiaale 
14 3 21} 195) 6 July85: 6 Jan.86, 6 July86| 6 Jan.87 


is (110 | 6 Sep.85. 6 Mar86 6 Sep.86, 6 Mar87 
6 122 is | | 6 Sin. 85' 6 Mar86, 6 Sep. 86 6 Mar87 
O/127 {124 6 May85| 6 Nov85; 6 May86, 6 Nov86 
6/113 |110 | 5 Ine. 85) 5 Dec.85, 5 Ine.86| 5 Deese 
S113 1184} 440ct. 85] 44ApL86) 440et. 86) 4) 

3115 112 | 5 Aug85| 5 — 5 Augs6| 5 F 37 


0126 122 | 6 Jaly6s| 6 Jan. 86, 6 July86| 6 Jan.87 
9/126 121 | 6 Oct-85, 6 Aplsé, 6 Oct 86, 6 Apl. 87 





'130 125 | 5 May85/ 5 Nov85| 5 May86| 5 Now36 
forge 1} Dee. 84| 14Jne.85} 1 Dec.85 
ob |None paid’ to date. 

Aa i 6 Jan.86| 6 July86) 6 Jan.87 
ee | 4 Amal] gamated |with the | Midland 
Rail way Com! pany as {jrom 
be | “Jan. 1), 1886. 

9 ‘ot 7\1du ly85| #Dec.85/ 4July86; $Dec.86 

o110 103 | 4 Jne.85) 4 Dec.85| 4 Jne. 86} 4 Dee.86 

0/122 118%) 5 Sep.85| 5 Feb.86| 5 Sep.86| 5 Feb.87 

6} .. \44 Jne.85! 44Dec.85/44 Jne. 36/44 Dec.36 

3)100 | (96 (4 Sop.85 4 Peb.86| 4 Sep.86) 4 Feb.87 

0} 52 | 50 } 5 Sep.85) 6 Feb.86| 4 Sen.86| 6 Feb.87 


0} 953' 94 | 4 Aug85| 4 Feb.86| 4 ‘Aug 36 4 Feb.87 
31044 1033, 4$Aug85| 4}Feb.86) 44Aug86, 4}Feb.87 
80 | 664; 2}Aug85 3 Feb.86| 2 ‘Augs6 Feb. 87 
... | Last dividend 2% July, 76. = since. 
6}1054, 100 owe <0 i ood 4 Dec.86 
6| 8} 74! dei 33 Dec. 86 
9| 49) 43 34 Jne.86/34 Dec.86 
q 65 | 63 | | 24May85) 24Sep. 85/ 2}May86| 24Sep. 86 


0] 124 113 6 Sep. $5| 6 Mars¢! 6 Sep.86| 6 Mar87 
3 94) 84) 4 Sep.85| 4 Mar8¢/| 5 Sep. 86) 5 Mar87 


a staal 4hJuly85, 44Jan.86| 4}July86) 44Jan. $7 
91155113 | 4 July85| 4 Jan.86| 4 July86; 4 Jan.87 
i 1604) 5 July 85 earueern 6 July86| 83Jan. 87 


9108 103 | 6 Aug86/ 6 Feb.87 
0} 173 16 | 7 Aug85| 7 Feb. al 6 Auca¢) 6 Feb.87 


alias | 111 | 6 Aug85| 6 Feb.86| 6 Aug86) 6 Feb.87 
6; 2241 193) 7 Sep.85| 7 Feb.86| 7 Sep.86| 7 May87 
6107 |102 | 4 Aug85| 4 Feb.S6| 4 Aug86; 4 Feb.87 
| 90} 85 | 3 Augss| 3 Feb.86| 3 Aug86) 4 Feb. 87 


9/105 1025 4 aa 4 Jan.86) 4 July36| 4 Jan. 87 











Pe ee nil. ak |b. wih 
| a fice nil. | nil. nil nil. 
| ‘Absorbed | by Great eee oe ee 


| 2) 1s) nih nil. 
6112 109 | 5 Jne. 85; 5 Dec.85| 5 Jne.86 5 Dec.86 


106 104 
6) 144) 134) 8 sip 8 NovS3| $ May86 8 Nov36 
3 9 ie eneeh 1 olen 
6132 1295 7 Oct. 85} 7 Apl.8¢| 7 Oct.86) 7 
6, 240) 2347 Ook 85) 7 ApLSH 7 Oot 86 1 apisy 


| 65 | 40 | 
Olle 113 | 5 July es 5 Jan. ‘a Tuiys6) 5 Jan.87 





or 


‘ 153! 1ey Oct. 85) 7 Aploes 7 Oct. 86; 7 Apl 87 
3} 158) 14 | | 7 Deo.) 7 Jne.86| 7 Dee.86 
| 5 7 6 May87 


0156 (1374) abel 


4 | 
6 hott ns’! | 5 July85| 5 Jan. 86 5. July8¢| 5 Jan.87 


6) 165) 143) Interest; at 6 % wu! intil June,) 1890. 
6172 |158 | ee 12 Nov85 o*aayae 8 Nov86 
61074103 | ou | 6 May86; 6 Nov36 
110 ‘107 | ! ioe oe i owe 
0150 145 eo Ig Mays 8 were 
‘ 
| 


| i 


| S54 554) nil, 
La 7 “| 6 Fulys3 6 Jan.84| 6 Jy nil since. 
ae 
6109 105 | 5 Jne.85) 5 Dec.83, 5 5ne. 86) 5 Dec.86 
6,116 1124, 4 AugS5| 4 Feb.86) 4 AugS6 4 Feb.87 
61125 110}; 4 May85| 4 Nov85, 4 May86| 4 Nov86 
gy 5§Oct.85| 5ZApl.86) 5§0ct.86) S§ApLS7 
4 Oia 4 May85| 4 Nov85| 4 May86| 4 Nov86 
6 1144112} 4 Sep 8 4 Mar8é, 4 Sep.86) 4 Mar87 
6 112 (1094) 4 Sep. 85| 4 Mar86| 4 Sep.86| 4 Mar87 


gill (109 | 4 ri $5} 4 Mar86) 4 Sep. 
6136 |133 | 5 Sep.85} 5 Mar86| 5 Sep. 
eps 


oa 





6 ooghory . me 4 = 4 ve 

6, 994) 963 85) 4 Marss| 34 34Sep. ! 

| 84 a nie | mike. | nil 

oad - nil, 

c | oa a t wear’ 'Se renal en L 

01114 i nteres able Sep. 

9107 | 1ots } Full ct Mar. 1°87 on A,B,&C 
3 + OT Oe stocks! and also 3 % on D stock. 




















Ne mernngndime ner 





156 "THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY 





A _— a erence 


eeacceneeneere en re rat ti 
ssinesiesbesinasiapatusbiaaansbititianenssiansiaicaaanmneetcurenac 0 


SS... 


eae 


“April 30, 1887. 


hiieematien 





MANUAL. 


BRITISH, FOREIGN, AND COLONIAL RAILWAYS—Continued. 


























































































Prices OF THE Last yrs. ;\PRICESOF, A cam canta ace 
| Capital. MonTH, dive. yld. 1887. Divipexps, 
———— Bi org Investor a 
RAILWAYS edsaibat —_— \Par a if g\2 oo E Kate 2 per Gea ps A 
'Subscri i . r Ven er Annum, 
| ¢ | Share, a = zs ais pe Done. PerCent.| 4 * Inte sine 
Cambrian 4 % debenture ntere stock D)... 300,000, ... 100 604 634) 605, 634 624 | 634 59§ Sg 
Do 4%, No. 1 Pref. s...s+00 an 198,817}... {100 | 33 | 34 | $2) 33) 3 s4| 23" 
Do 4%, No. 2 Pref. ......s0sssseses 000 100 ose] 9 | 205 204 204) 15 | | 
TS GK, He DEI. ssiccsvsenseseiss 330,720 1100 | 1 134 15 | 14 oR ow | 
Who 4S, Wes 6 Peels sivesnsosessss oe 712,080) 100 | 104 104 10\10| .. | -- | 12) 9 | 
De Onsesant Groce Riess a rd @ se 7| 6 7\ 6 vee 7 | 6 | . a se 
Carango deb. 
drawi a . before 1906 393,700 100 100 104 1054 104 (105 105 & 2 1 103 | wee 5}Jan.86) Sp July86, 54Jan.8] 
Cathe Ow 5% 1st Mrt.,(in 
voy annie) Sak fd., LN 899 500,000, 100 |100 109 109 106 00 108% | mn T 106 \° Oct. 85) 5 Apl.86 5 Oct. 86, 5 Aplsy 
ern Ist Mort. 
1908 (guar. till '98 by N. t 5% 14,000,000 $1,000 1008 1074 110 |105 oa (raat 108 | 4 10 6110 |105 5 Jays 5 Jan. 86, 5 July86 5 Jan.§7 
Canadn. Pacific $100 aete: 3 %till '93|$65,000 000; $100 1024| 64 67 | 66 | 664 | 4 10 oh 70 | 61 | 3 Aug85 3 Feb. 86| 3 Aug86, 3 Pebs7 
Dens dettng lcamnent, Sands, 1° > 000,000 a |100 106 | 1064 1054 106 | 1068 | 4 18 6107 L048 5 Jan. 86 5 July86 5 Jan.§7 
Caraquet (L) 6% Ist mort. bonds ...| 100,000) 100 |100 924, 95 | 90 | 924) 92 | 6 9 9 97) 9 o> | 6 Jang] 
+} Carrizal and Cerro Blanco = | $1,500,000 $500 $500) 32 | 34 | 32 | 34 334 ws | 378} 30 7 Jne 84! 4 Novs4) 6 Jne.86 3 Dec.& 
Central Argentine 6 % deb. stock . 700,000, 100 100 {141 142 (140 \141 142 | 4 5 6142 1379 6 July85| 6 Jan.86) 6 July86 6 Jan.87 
AD MOGI isisass+sorardswidccanncnneintios 1,300,000 ve \100 {170 1773)170 77 178 |€ 4 3/178 169 {12 Aug85| 8 Feb.8612 AugS6 10 Feb.§7 
Cenl. of Nw. Jersy 7% Con. Mort.,’99 15,000,000 $1,000 1024 16 | 118 |L16 17 | 1164) 5 9 61S 11123| 7 July85| 7 Dec.85| 7 Jne.86) 7 Oct. 
Do7 % Adjustment Bonds, 1903 .. 000| $1,000 1024)110 112 |108 \110 | 109 vee (LUD 105 | 7 May85) : Nov85\ 7 May86_ nil since 
Do6 % Conv. Debentures, 1908 .. OP $1,000 90 99 | 90 983, 99 99 824) 6 Nov83/ 6 May84)\ 6 Nov 84° nil since 
Do 6 YSHARES..........0ssss-+sers00000 joeeeel 024) 74 | 874) 74 | | 924) S4h |... | S74) BBs) 6 Mar84) 6 Jne.84) 6 Sep. SF Ail sine 
Cent! Pacific & Califor. lst Mort, '95-5}$25,885,000} $1,000 102} )120 122 he 120 | 119% | S 15 @ 116 | 6 July85| 6 ant 6 July86' 6 Jans 
Do(California & Oregon Division6 él 
Ist Mort. souperts oh 4/1). 1892. $2,000,000| $1,000)1934, 1084111 084,111 | 1103 | 4 @ 6\111 |107 | 6 July85) 6 Jan. 86| 6 July86 6 Jan.8] 
Do6% LandGrant Bons, 1890...... $6,080,000 024!103x 107 {103 i107 1064 | 3 10 9/107 \103 | 6 Oct. 85| 6 ApLS6! 6 Oct.86 6 Aplsi 
des Dena so Kae asi $52,275,550) $100 108 41 | 44 403) 42 42 nil, , 443) 34 | 6 for 82 | 6 for 7 3 for 84 nilsince 
Cont Uruguay of Monte,L. ,6% deben- 
SRAM can <nssnrnnierncensdeser or 520,000, 100 100 130 131/125 lnsix| 131. | 4 12 64131 |125 | 6 Oct. 85| 6 Apl. 86| 6 Oct. 86) 6 Aplsi 
Do ORDINARY SHARES ..........++++- 1,360,000) 10 | | yng) 11g) 124) ig 1g | 4 7 O 114) 11) 6 Oct. 85| 6 Apl. 86) 5 Oct.86, 5 Aplsi 
Chnatialy Asst 6 ode gr.by Russia Tee 4,263, 100 93 94 | 92 935 5 9 0 96 | 911 5 Mar8t} 5 Sep.86, 5 Mar87, 5 Aplsi 
Charkow-Krmntschug,gr.byRus.1950 1,675,420 1100 | 93 | 94 | 92 os 94 (5 9 6% oY 5% : Saas 5 Mar86) 5 a8 86) 5 Mar§7 
Ce LAlton6%Ster-Con Mt., 1903 900, .. {100 |122 1234 122 1123 | 1223 | 4 & 3} 125 11203) 6 y85)| 6 Jan.86| 6 July86 6 Janfi 
Nth.-W.5%snk. fnd. deb 1933| $8,000,000) #1,000)1024)118 | 4 ul im 112 {4 7 9114 {111 | 5 May85| 5 Nov85) 5 May86 5 Nové 
Chicago a and Tomah 6% guar. by 
& North-Western, 1905 $1,528,000) 11024 121 121 ‘118 igs 121¢ | 4 12 41123 \118 | 6 May85| 6 Nov85| 6 May86 6 Nov86 
Chic.& Wn. Vie Indiana 6% Genl. Mt.,1932/$10,500,000 |1024 L12p 115 | 110 (1123) 115 | 6 8 GANT ee 6 Jne. 86) 6 Apso 6 Dec. 86, 6 Maré? 
Chicago,Burlingtn & Qui 5% fd. bds. $2,500,000 110241074109 ‘106 ors 109 | 413 OLA |106 06 | 5 Oct. 85; 5 Apl.86 5 Oct. 86, 5 Apl.87 
= Milwaukee, &St. Paul6% Ist | 
ort. 8.-Western Division, 1909) $4,000,000 11024) 1204) 122 119 11205 1234 | 411 #122 we 6 July85) 6 Jan. “ 6 July86 6 Jan.87 
Do5%(LaGrosse& Davenpt Dv.)1919} $1,500,000)... 1024) Hy 110 |108 1109 | 1094 | 4 10 6110 1 08 | 5 July85| 5 Jan.86) 5 July86, 5 Jan$i 
Do7%(Hastings & Dakota Div.)1910 $5,291 00 $1,000 1024130 | 11304 130 \1304, 130 | 4 18 8131 ‘129 7 July85) 7 Jan. 86) : July86) 7 Jan.$7 
DoS (Chicago&LakeSupr. D.)1921 $1,360,000) $1,000|1024,109 | 110 108 \109'| 109¢ | 410 6110 107 | 5 July85| 5 Jan.86) 5 JulyS6 5 Jan87 
Do5%(Chic. & Pacific Western),1921| $13840000 $1,000,1025)111 (122 (111 Hil 111g | 4 8 6114 1094) 5 July85| 5 Jan.86 5 July$6 5 Jansi 
Do % (Wisc. & Minnes.) Gld, 1921) $1,300,000) $1,000 1024/109 109 (108 \108 | 109 | 412 F110 107 | 5 July85) 5 Jan. 86 5 JulyS6 & Jans] 
Do7% lst Mort. redeem. 1902( Sterl.) 800,000} 100 100 {1314 133 130 1314) 132 | 4 5 6133 130) 7 July85, 7 Jan.86, 7 JulyS6 7 Jani 
Do Terminal mort. 5 % gold bonds $3,000,000 $1, 000\1024!107 108 '106 1107 107% | 4 24 3,108 | 106 | 5 July85! 5 Jan.86| 5 July86 5 Jans 
Do 7 % preferred stock............++ $21,530,083 $100 |1025|1245 as rt iy 1254 | 6 12 6/126 |1224 | 7 ApLs6) 7 Oct.86 7 Aplyl 
Do CoMMON STOCK...........0000005- $20404261, $100 |1024| 944 9 + | 94 15 7 6 96 | 883) 5 Oct.85| 5 Apl.86, 5 Oct.86 5 Aplsi 
Chic.,8. Louis,&N.Orl.5%GldBds,1951/$18.000,000) $1,000! 1024120 | 192 An 120 | 122 4 5 9122 {118 | 5 Jne.85| 5 Dec.85) 5 Jne.86 5 Dec $6 
Cincinnati, Wash. SB tebmort. $5,935,000) ... {1024 1073107}, ot 1088 | 4 6 cs (1043) 440ct. 85) 4hApl.86, 4}0ct. 86 44Apl] 
_Do, do 5 % 2d Mo ortgage 931 ... $3,040,000) $1,000 1024 76 | 80 7 794 | 6 6 6) 86 | 76 os | 5 July86 5 Jani 
Do, oa me. 3 % till "OL, sie 98 $2,270,000) 00) 00 88 42 | 45 2 | 44 | 434 | 6 16 6) 48 | 413 ‘| 3 Feb.86| 3 Aug86 3 Febsi 
Cityof Glas. Union, 5% pref. ............ 34x, 1135 34 1135 | 1349 | 3 14 Q 135 134 | 5 Oct.85| 5 Apl86 5 Oct 86 5 Aplsl | 
Cleator and Workington Junction ... o18,000 | ov a ee ove eee 23Mar85) 1 14Sep.85 nil } Mar86_ 14Sep.S0 
Cleveland& Pittsburg $50shares,guar. 7 Mar8i 
oaks Gas Railroad......... $11244336) $50 | 514) 79 80 79/80| 794) 4 8 S$ 80) 78 | 7 Mar86\ 7 Jne.86 7 Sep.86 7 Marv 
d, Columbus, Cincinnati, & | 56 
Gelinas lis Consolidated Mort.| 500,000)... |100 {127}, 130 (125 1274) 124 | 6 12 6130 125 | 7 Ine. 85) 7 Dec. 85, 7 Ine. 86 7 sce 
Cockermouth, Keswick, & Penrith...| 259,000! ... |100 /98/ 99) .. | 3 8 3, 99 | 90 | 1gAug 85| 3 Feb.86\ 2hAug86 42Febe 
Conde d’Eu Kailwy, L.,54% deb. bds| — 250,000| ...' |100 | 98 4, | 98 100 | 100 | 5 11 6/102 | 98 5hJuly85 5}Jan.96_ Shdulys jan ft 
Do share capital ae ¥on675,000/| 425,000) 20 | 20 16 | 164,16 | 16 | 168 |) 6 5 0 162; 154| 5*May85| 5 Oct. 85 5 May86 9 Aug 
acai Divs. declared in| $4,200,000} $500 |$500, 41 | 41 404/40) 41 41}! 308} 5 for $4|(5for 85--| 2! 138 Id per het 
uimbo (Chili) { Chiliancurrency. | $2,747,700) $100 |$100 8 | 8k 76) 8 8}| 74) 3pJne.85| 34Dec.85, 4hJne-S6¥9 re, 
Cork & Bandon—5s % pref., perpetual 48,000 1100 |L ove | 11164) 116f | 4 16 gui 1164 mine 5}Mar86 5}Sep.86 oA tar8l 
Do4% preference, perpetual ...... 33,269, ... |100 | $35) | $84) 885) 411 6 4 Sep.85| 4 Mar86, 4 Sep.86 4 10 
Do West Cork preference 4% ...... 178,586, <. {100 | 88 |---|... | 88 412 4 Sep.85| 4 Mar86 4 Sep88 4 ne 
Do ORDINARY STOOK..............005 500! ... (100 | 61 | 70 , 604) 70; 70 | 811 6 79 6034) 34Sep.85) 3 Mar86) 2 a O Febst 
Cork and Macroom ............ss00 75850, 10) 10| 2%) ---.| --. | 2i| 2% | nil. } | 24) 0 Aug85| 0 Feb.36, 0 Aug) bis; 
Cork, Blackrock, and Passage......... 120,340; 20 | 20 | Sym 58 Sie) 5% 5g | 212 6 5 oii 0 Aug3$5 1}Feb.86| 0 Augi6 14 nec86 
Cornwall—4}% debenture stock ...... 452875| ... 100 {196 |127 \125 \i96 | 1253 | 3 12 F128 |125 | 4hJne. 85) 44Deo.85, 4} 10% 56 4 ppebsi 
Do 44 % guaranteed stock ......... 400,000). |100 |123 [1248123 194 | 1243 | 3.13 91124 121 Aug85 44Feb.96 4hAugs6 44° 
Do OrnpInaRy SHARES ............... 575,460, 20 | 20 ! 5 | 4, 43) 5 nil, 5 nil. nil. ' ail 
Cornwall Minerals—A 4% deb. stock. 780\ ... (100 |112 |122 {110 |110x) 1114 | $12 9112 un0 | Leased to Gt. "Welstern, ren tal P 
Do 8 3} % debenture stock ......... 147,000) ... |100 | 80 | 80 | 78 | 80x, 79%) 4 1 6, 81 | 78 debenture) interes 
Do6 % preference stock............... 000, 100 |100 | 18 | -.. | =. | 18 | 20% nil. | 19117) nil nil, | nil. ait 
Do ORDINARY .........:ssssescsecsssees 375,000| 100 }100| 9| 9| 8| 8) 103) wi | 10) 8 nil. pi | mg Jans 
Costa Rica 6% 1 mt. dhs (scrip £100pa) 100 09 100 101 | 99 100 | 1003}... {103 | 97 ae ih 
pan Suants (Cortidoste) 604,870} 10|10| 3j| 4| 3h 33) 3f |... | 4h) 3b we 7 Aph si 
tual preference...| 115,000) 1100 |1425)1425,1365 138}, 1364 15 1 01424{1368) 7 Oct. 85) 7 Ap 186 7 Oct. z g ApS? 
"oe NE Si  sccscidens 165,000) 100 100 | 1 , 985935x) 97 | 5 6 9100 | 94) 240ct. 85 4pApl 86 430ct. 
Denver and Rio ota 1 1 July 
vertible Mortgage, 1936 ......... $22575000| ... (100 | 81 | 82. 803) 81 81 | ... | 82 | 80 Interest pjayable pee 
el eibeinis Wide hacks $2360000 '100 | 664| 679, 64 | G4 | G44 | ... | 674 613) --; wi, | nih 
Do Common Stock (assest. paid)... |: 1100 | 314, 334) 31% 314) 31g) nil. | 373) 223| nil. nil. et. 86. 6 ApLSi 
Detroit, Grand Haven,feMiL.6%, Equip. $2,000,000) $ 1024 116x117 | 16 117 | 116y | 6. 2 6119 j115 | @ Oct. 85) 6 Apl 86 6 a "36 6 oe 
Do 6 % Consolidated Mortga $3,200,000, $a} 1145 116 114 116 | 1164 |5 3 2 tei 6 Oct. 85| 6 Apl.86 © 
Donna TheresaChristina,L.—54 y deb. o Jul es 
red. by drawings in'30 years .../ 322,100 100 |100 | 92 | % |6 6 9 95\91 Spuly8 Shen ts 6 Oy Pay s 
DoT % preference .......-csssecs00.s 300,000, 20| 20| 8} Bil 7 73 Me 815699. 7 





Do 
To 


= 


— 


Serer sey 


—— = 


ee 

















° > 
April 30, 1887. } THE INVESTOR’S MONTHLY MANUAL. 157 
| BRITISH, COLONIAL, AND FOREIGN RAILWAYS—Continued. 
_ PRICES OF THE Last yrs. Priczsor, 
| CaprraL. Monts. divs.yld| 1887. | DIVIDENDS 
— |-——— —— -| Busi. Investor |——— | 
| RAILWAYS. | i's ¢ ¢ © | neon (atLatest| gg | Last Four. 
weer of Par! B/S | | s freee | Price. | 2 | 5 Rate per Cent. per Annum. 
re, | £ (Share & ii. "[PerCent) i | *Interim. ft per Share. 
— es Cains koe ee ee 
" Sila & Meat=8% ref. aavears | } | £8 di 
| Do + eames notcum.) 129,159)... [100 | wn. | vee | vee | aes | we | see | ane | ove | 2 Oct. 85] 2 ApL8s 2 be tage 2 ine 
| Do ORDINARY SHARES ............... 72,710)... 100 | mn cul | so | et | coe | oes nil. oe i 2 
| Dublin, Wicklow,&Wexford—Dublin) 133,155) 25 | 95 Pd ee eo See ee Se |, nil. 
& Kin leas. at £36,000 p.a.| 350,000 ... 1100 | 240 240 237 238x' 238 | 3 79 9240} 2354 940ct. 85 9LApL S86. | oy0et 86 9$ApL87 
| Do4 % debenture stock ............ 204,566; ... /100 '1023) 103 1029103 | 103 | 319 39103 1024) 4 Oct. 85, 4 Apl.86, 4 Oct. 86 4 Apl.87 
i Do 44 t & dohentere stock ............ 257,985 1100 {105 106 ‘1044 Lo4y, 1044 | 4 1 6/107 1044 440ct. 85) 4¢Apl86 440ct. 86 moe 
Jan.87 MMM No 44 Y debenture stock ........... 94,430 '100 |1083| ... | ... /108$| 108% | 4 & 011084 1079 440ct. 85 44Apl.86 440ct. $6: a 
| Do 8 pe a 200,000 100 |144 144 (140 1403 1405 | 4 5 9)1444140 | 6 Sep.85, 6 Mar86i 6 Sep. 86, 6 Mar87 
ApLS; Do 5 % pref., 1868-4-5, perpetual...| 600,000 1100 1043; 1043 1083 1048, 1049! 4 16 3)1073 1034 5 Sep.85, 5 Mar86| 5 Sep.86| 5 Mar87 
Do 44 % preference, 1875 ............ 50,000 100 |100 | 100 100 (470 9 ... | ... | 448ep.85, 44Mar86' siSon 86) 4} Mar 87 
fan. 87 Do 4 % preterence, 1877 ...........- 120,000 100 | 71 co ‘Gl | Gl | 5 12 9 88/71 | 4 Sep.85 4 Mar86} 4 . 86, 4 Mar 87 
Peb.87 Do OnDINARY STOCK.................. 700,150 100 ve 52 | 444 50! 50 3 0 wi52) 403, 1 Sep.85 2 Mar86 ‘86, 2 Mar 87 
an.§; Dunaburg and Witepsk, Limited...... 2,080,000 | 16 | 18 1721638 17 + 164§ 5 16 | 179 16} 6ZOct. 85. 6tApl 86) 60ct 86 63ApL 87 
‘an.87 MM) Dutch Rbenish 49) ba bonds, 1899...... 1,100,000) 100 100 | 92 .. | 418 3) 94 91 | 4 Aug85| 4 Feb.86 4 Aug86 4 Feb.87 
ec.86 Do 5% bonds, 1899 ..........ccsee0. 500,000) 100 | 00 {100% 101 | 99 100 | 102 | 5 9 e103 | 99 | 5 Sep.85, 5 Mar86 5 Sep.86, 5 Mar 87 
an. 87 We NI ec cinder: 2,440,000 (17418 17 «17h, 17H 4 2 9 18117 | 6 im 84 43 in 85Jan.,July.| 39 in 86 
eb. 8) Do new shares............-sssscsse 00001, 20/3 | a5 3 4; 5175 O 6/ 3\6 in 84 44 in 85Jan.,July. se 
ct. 86 Do new shares..............cceseseesee0- 500,000) 20) 3; # 1  § 3 g 410 O 1) 46 im 84 44 in 85Jan.July| 39 in 96 
aince || East Argentine,L., —6 % deb, stock... 317,000} ... (100 114 119 114 119 ' 119 5 2 6119 LI | 6 June85, 6 Dec.85) 6 Julys6, 6 Dec.86 
since HMMM] Do guaranteed 7 %....-....cese..e-..., “| 668,000, <:. |100 |105 {107 105 106 | 106, | 4 9 61107 | 99| —... | Gt im $5) 44 in 86 5 Feb.$7 
‘ince Hii Eastern & Midland 44 % deb. stock, 393,362! 100 | $1 | 81 80 80) SI | 5 12 4| 86 | 80 | 44July85 4)Jan. 86 salyse rt ad 
an bf Do 5 % preference, 1880(Lynn Sec.)| 100,000) HOD | ase foome Pose [ce | toe fone fon i os 
‘ Do 5% preference, 1881 do | 150,000) 1100 | . ‘ite a. bom 
0. 87 BA) Eastern —4 % deben. stock...| 348,666) 100 |107 108 1107 108 108 | 315 6/108 106 | 4 July85. 4 Jan. 86) 4 Sctyee 4 Jan.$7 
pl §i DoA Annuities ........................ 42,008.ann"y £1A} 224) 233 225 23) 23 .. | 233 224 £1 Annuity, less 36d for expenses 
ince DOD BRD odcetscschicmn hens oc | 74,936 ann’ty £14) 23 | 232 23  23§ 23§ | «- | 24 22§ 9/ Mar., 1887 (less) sinking f/und,1/87,) 
m }| Eastern of Trance 5 7, red. obligations} 7,026,919 20 | 20/.../| .. sete fo ie eee 5 Dec.85 5 Jne.86, 5 Dec. 86 
pL Si ! Do “Est” $ % Ancien sebbatebonytecel 26,583,400, 12 | 12 | 15 | 153/15 | 153! 15g 8 78 9 15h 14% 5 Jne.85 5 Dec.85' 5 Ine.86 5 Dec. 86 
pls] i, Dodo | ERAT IR aD | 21,939,437; 12; 12} ... | wesc} eghu:. | j..tmw | ods wnat 6 I ee Os a 5 Sep.85/ 5 Mar 37 
pS) S: De OM ees a | 11,680,000 20 | 20 | 317'322,' 31¢323,' 323, 4 7 532, 303' 7 for 83 7 for 84, 7 for 85\May;Nov. 
arf }| Eastrn. of Massachusetts 6% Mt. 1996, 630,900) 100 |1263 129 124 1265 1283 | 4 2 €/130 124 6 Sep.85 6 Mar86 $ Sep.86| 6 Mar67 
nf] }| Hast Indian 44 % perpet. deb. atock...| 1,500,000, -.. 100 /120 |120 117} 119x120 | $15 9/121 |117} 44 Oct 85 44 Ap.86) 440ct.86 44 Ap. 87 
ov$6 Do —— A, ceasing 1953 ...... 272,306 annuity.) (22x 23} 22g, 233) 238 4 6 Oo 23% 22f £lper annum = annuity Apl; Oct. 
: Do deferr 4% j ; J 
ves + me connie cup. gil. 4% nl 6,550,000... [100 /119 120 11183119 | 118} | 4 19 6122 LIT} 47 July85, 63Jan.86, 5}July86 6y,Jan.S7 
7 Do Ann. B, less 3id sinking fund.. ‘624, 9lannuit y] (24fx| 25 | 249,95 95 31S 9 2 245,18/8d per’ annum | annuity ApL ; Oct. 
a East London 6 % deb. stock iss. apa 465,590) 100 150 160 140 150 | 141 | 4 1 160 140 £6 Jne.85 6 Jan.86 6 Jne.56 6 Jan.87 
" Do 5 % Y debenture stock Si tinea 88,410) 100 110 120 110 120, 110 | 4 4 9120 110 5 Jan. 86 5 Ine.86 5 Jne.86 5 Jan.57 | 
n§i | Do6 %, 1874, debenture stock...| 400,000 100 100 1110 | 90 100}. mi. (110 90 Last payment July 1876 
~~ Do 6 1875, een 400,000' '100 | 75 90 «60 | 75 | | mil. 90 «60 Last S payment July 1876 es 
gt Do 34 %, 1881, guaranteed deb. stk| 172,920! 100 98/99 '97) 983! 98) 312 6 99! 96: 3pJuly85 3}Jan.86 3pJulys6 ae 
e Do guar. Whitechapel Extension..| 250,000) 100 | 68 | 69 67 68 68% 314 F 69 67  2jJuly85 2}Jan.86 —— = 
a Do 5 % , Ist preference, issued at 724 400,000, 100 19 | 203 19 205, 19 nil. | 20} 16 nil nil nil nil. 
St Do5 2nd preference, issued at 24 240,405, -.. 100 17 | 194,17. 195-17) mil | 199/12) mil, miki. | 
a Do Okprvary STock .................. 1,400,000, ... 100 13) 13° lg 12; 1g nil. 13 10 nil. = nil nil 
fe Finn Valley ordinary shares .......... 44,980 10 10 a | wk ote oe) ae ae 
r Forth Bridge guaranteed 4 % stock..| 1,116,000 100 i 188 vida Be fe 7” rig ite . ie . ae 4 Jalyee! 4 Jan87 
Furness 4 t. debenture stock! 1,543,347] 100 114 115 115 114 1143 ! uly 
“$6 per cent. de re 43, 4 Jan. 86) 4 July86) 4 Jan. 87 
; Do 4 t. teed stock...| 779,125) ‘100 109 110 109 110 | 1067 | 314 6110 108 4 July$5 
.87 per cent. guaran “| oe | - ; O108 106 4 July85 4 Jan.86 4 July86 4 Jan. 87 
Gn 4 per cent. preference stock...; 1,300,7 100 107 |108 106 107 | 107 | 3 16 
87 ‘| 1 ~ J 4 Jan. 86, 4 July86 4 Jan.87 
1 Do 4 350,000) 100 107 |108 106 107 106 316 G108 106 4 July35. 
e De Onemngnk So: a "| 2,642,000 100 1037/1033, 983 983) 983 2 O 31073! 983 24Sep.85 2 Mar86_ 2 Sep. 86, 2 Mar.87 
“oe | Galvs ,Harris ' j | : i us 
86 | a Mort, Solem, within 3097} $4,500,000. $1,000 1044 1125 115 110 1123 jn i Olé 110 6 AngSs 6 Feb. 86 6 Angst 6 — 
et Girvan and P, 236, 10 | 10 me ote) 
* BM Gian €8:'W. Ayre Maybole Jue 73 500, 10/10 | 19% |. 19%) 193 $70 9 id io | 7 Augss 7 Febse 1 Eatedl 4 sana? 
su MM|| Do St Enoch Station Rent Charge 1,325/000 100 111x112 111 ii I = 2% sittetisiag ¢ aenes eae rr 4 Feb87 
on ” ll ; 9 
. | pt bere ev 7 reed ee | aes 1100 tos) 112} 112 (S11 114 112) 4 Sep.85 4 Mar86 4 Sep.86 ‘ Saue 
SMM Do preference 4°/stock....”.-"-""| 18924180“ [100 1093109 109 109 | 1004 | 3 23 9111 109 4 Sep.85 4 Marse oe «Maer 
) EEE || Do pref. No. 24°% stock............ | 1555040, ... 100 | ... [108 107 1078, 107s | ee er ices! 4 Martel 4 Sones) SeMar87 
86 tsaky Consotipatep Stock| 4,927,920, 100 101g 1018 _ 99) 993 517 51023 99% 4 7 dividend } % b, 1884. 
Do deferred (ranksafter 57, on ord) 442,250... [100 | 18 eo) es) Se ae No-85 5jMay86 5zNov86 
$7 | aeow, Yoker and Clydebank...... | "g50001 “lo! 10. 128 -.. 12g. 4 2 E ... ag 2 aS 
» *s 11-8 Foc. te a ao os --- ware 
: inne x Sea 130000). hoo | | = Ge 6 JaiyS4 6 Jan$5 6 JulyS5, 6 Jan.86 
7 | “ran s & Indiana 7% Ist Mt. ‘ v ia 
7 | Guaranteed Land Grant Bords| $3,954,000 $1,000 1025 126} 128] 125 126} 128% 5 12 G128 135 i 
6 usk Division Ist; ‘i a 5 
7 ge Mortgage Gold Bonds 7* aa $750,000 $1,000 1024 104 106 104 106 | 105g 4 15 5106 102 i: = 
| rand Russian (guar. 5 % by Russian) ° i 5° 
g - a nee dividend in July) 12,000,000 20 | "29 244, | 2, 2} 4 1 6. .. 5 FJulySS 5*Jan 85 5 July86 5°Jan.87 
31Tan : ; 
ode Bie 6 et Mortg ee iad | 100 100 | 99 190 99 100/ 99) 5 0 €100 96} 5 AugSS 5 Mar86 5 AugS6 5 Mar87 
| Grand | ; 
] | rank of Canada “4 ted 1,127,400 100 100 140x142 140 142 1414 | 4 5 G142 157 6 SepSS 6 Mar86 6 Sep. 86 Sates? 
| DoBuffalo&Lake Huron 54% bnds| 466,158, ... [100 122x124 122 124 123 4 9 F126 121) 5§Sep.55 5jMar8s ees fae 
| Do Buffalo and Lake Huron on 525,135, 10 | 10/112 12 11g 12; UH 4 7 E 12) 1g 5zAugsS rs os 6 Julys6: 6 Jan.87 
| Do Chic.&G. Trk.6%1stMort ,1900 500,000, 100 100 112 1135112 113 | 1135 4 17 21134106 6 July85 [oe 5 Jaly86 5 Jan.87 
| Be dodepton aay tony angen. mp 19S uate | Ae | $F 3s ee |S Juves & Sn & Sepe|§ Jens 
o ' 100 1 ; - eee ss ” ee) 
D: Michigan a =, appl gene's $10,000) ... 100 | 99 103 99 103 103 | £19 FICS BE S July85 —— § Jakes fpages 
Dos pepe debenture stock, 4270575, ... 100 M1311 ING 115 1S. | 4 & Clk 10Gb & Tee 4 Jan 86) 4 Jaly86 4 Jan-87 
4 ‘ 100 2 3 ; a $ 
Doeduipmenthbonds, 2nd chargo6 4 “| "500,000, 100 125 3264125 126 | 1264 | 4 17 C127 124 | 6 July ¢ Jan Se $0ct 86) 4 ApLs? 
|| DoGuaranteed4 % Stock..........- "| 5,219,800, <.. 100 | 79 | 81g, 78 | 78 | 78/4 2 € S14) 70; 0 Oct.85 O Apl. | 14Mar85\ nil sinee 
| Do Ist preference 5% ..........-....| 3,218,149 100 | S14 85 | 814 82) SI - m : 








’ 


* Arrears ea (Apa, 1887. 


| 85 754, 


‘ 
i 
' 
' 


























158 THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL. 





BRITISH, COLONIAL, AND FOREIGN RAILWAYS—Continued. 


| Capital. 





— 


RAILWAYS. 











Grand Trunk of Canada—2nd pre- 
Bewens & J on.ccee.csnccsrssonscesess 2,327,795) 
Do 3rd pref. 4%—5 after 3 on ord.) 7,168,055 

\ 


Do G. W. or Canana 5%.deben.stk.| 2,773,900 
Do do 6 &% sterling bonds, 1890...; 991,500 
DoOrpDInary CoN OLIDATEDS1OCK 
(10,000,000! at 224 and 26) ...... 21,000,000 
Gt. Eastern—Colchester, Stour Val) 





Sudbury, & Halstd. (perp. 9,500/, 
a ag & Eastern (guar. . A 910,800 

, do (guar. 6 % in perpetuity) ... 

Do Lon. & Black wall (leased at 44°.) 

do 44 % tual See 
+% deb.stk. 


Lon. & Blackwall, 
% debenture stock .........++ 


ee Or Go a onan r eee 


4 

5 — A 

5 —_ B’67,redm. at 120 
4 


4 % East Anglian deben. stock.. 
4% rent charge  ........05..+0++ 

Metropol. stock, issued at 5 pm. 
rred. 4% guar. stock .........+-, 






- 


4,966,595 
consolidated preference ...| 5,038,799 


4% 
4% pref. (redemp.) stock, 1886 
4 ° 


PSPSPS P Prey rs 


TE cancel 700,000 
Do 44 % till 1893, then 4 % ......... 750,000 
Do Ornprnary STOCK ...............0+: 12,354,610 


Great Indian Peninsula 4% deb. stk.| 2,701,450 
Do Carrran Stock—guar. 5 % by 
i isscetianncnsiiincsiiendsetitsbeans 20,000,000 
Great Luxembourg obligations 5 %| 
redm.in 75 yrs, at5,g.by Belgium 430,476 
Do redeemable in 75 yearsat25 ...| 2,337,940 
Gt Northn East Lincolnshre, guar. 6% 
Company,may red. at 50% prem. 600,000 
Do aaso and Grantham per- 


petual 44 % (less expenses)......... 1,014,000 
Do Royston, Hitchin, &c., guaran- 

teed 6 % (less expenses)............ 266,675, 
Do 5 &% deb. stock (W. Yorkshire)... 53,000) 
te took Dead Fal ; he eine si 8,440,526 

jHalifx,g. 6%wi 

furthr prfitsonG.N.ann. ec, 31 575,000 
Do 5% perpetual, 1849-50 .......:.... 1,298,262 
Do 44% consol. non-conting. pref.| 1,263,700 
Do 4}%consolidated pref. ak ...| 5,655,000 


Do 44% preference, 1876-7 ......... 3,497,680 


Do 4 9 pref., 1881—convert. 1886, 830,000 
Do ya rn preference, 1882...) 1,200,000 
Do ConsoLipaTEDORIGINAL Stock; 9,760,107 
Do Bf Btaks 6% first, afterthat || 1,159,275 

















Do Al Agotwall....rcccosessso0s J} 1,159,275 
Great Northern of Irelanddeb.stk.,4%, 912,271) 
Do _ i TRS 466,687 
Do a OT iscucen | 60,011 
Do — RE 333,724) 
Do 4 % guaranteed.................0++: 100,000 
SR Ne le oat ii a | 120,000 
Do 44% perpetual preference ...... | 200,000 
Do Dungannon 44 % preference ... 75,025 
Do — 3%(34% irom July1,1885) 224,550 
DoLondonderry—guar 5 % ......... | §07,416 
Do 4 % preference .........c0.sseere | 645,000 
* Do Onpinary Sroox.................. 3,297,939 
Great North of Scotland —4% deben-, 
nk beg, TEE NES, POSE | 942,075 
Do 4 % lien stock ..............c00060- | 960,252 
Do 4 % guaranteed stock ............ | 363,862 
Do 4 X preference A ............00000. | 692,678 
Do -— redeemable...| 28,827 
il Do ee ciass, | 367,780 
| best y% ~~ EF iunipeeh snhiiteuee 90,950 
| Do Onvinary Sock .................. | 920,133 
Do deferred, No. 1.........000.c0000... | 302,822! 
Do deferred, No. 2..................... | 397,396" 
Great Southern and Western of Ire-| 
and, 4% debenture stock ......... | 1,692,957 
Do4 % preferential.................... | 1,329,100 
Do ORIGINAL STOCK ..........000.000. 4,967,705 


ane South Devon rentcharge ..., ——_ = 10 1215|1234/121}/1223) 1225 | $ 13 9/1263/1214) 44Sep.85| 44Mar86) 44Sep.50) 4yMarsi 

4 Guaranteed.................5... ek aie Lk eet oa can tees si a ++ ol @ Heb.87 IE 

Do elly Railway and Dock; 264, -» |100 ve ip ote | .. | 6 Ang85} 6 Feb.86) 6 Augd? 6 Feb 
DoWellington and SevernJunctn, _ 60, BO TTD Th ven Exec ee es one ‘ 2 | . | 5 Aug85| 5 Feb.86) 5 Augs6 : ‘an.87 
Dodebenture stock, 4% ..........-. | 9,701,228; ... 100 /120 |1224/120 [122 | 1223 | 3 G ol1224!119 | 4 JulyS5) 4 Jan.86) 4 July | 5.37 
Do debenture stock, 4J %............ 918,966) ... |100 /124 [125 (123 /124 | 1245 | 8 9 31126 1123 | 4July85| 44Jan.86) 4}JulyS0) 0% 37 
Do debenture stock, 44 %............ 4,029,830, ... |100 /132 |135 |132 1134 | 135 | 3 7 9/135 /181 | 44July85) 44Jan.86) 4)July9. 5 57 
Do debenture stock, 5%... 2,789,745, ... |100 |146 |149 [146 [148 | 148 | 3 8 o/149 |145 | 5 July85, 5 Jan.86) 5 JulyS® © 5, 57 
Do rent-charges stock ............... | 7,600,620 .,, {100 /141 1439/14) [143 | 1433 | 2 10 6/1432'140 | 5 AugS5| 5 Feb.86) 5 Aug’” © 5,87 
Do consolidated guar. 5% stock... 15,908,197! ... 100 141 ‘144 |141 '143 | 143}! 8 20 6/144 1140 | 5 AugS5| 5 Feb.86) 5 Aug?” * 

ELL SL NN RO I OLN Tr ae 

iia neers 


Subscribed | . 





Amt. 
of 
hare. 


100 


3 ge: 























[April 30, 1887, 


—— 












































PRICES OF THE Last yrs.)l’RICESOF ae eee nee 
Montu. | Last tive yid,| 1887. Divipenps, 
err | Busi- Investor —— —— ———— ———__ 
af ness at Latest) = | Last Four. ol 
Par. & 3 ; 3 Done. | Price. | & E Rate per Cent. per Annum. 
mia s \PerCent., * Interim, 
lcs Le | on | | os 
100 | 675, 74 } 674,69 | 68 nil. | 74) 54 beds sh 5 MarS$4) nil. sinc 
100 | 374| 4l¢ 365 | 37 | 361 nil, 414) 274) nisl I es | 3fMar84) nil 2 ‘on 
100 |1104:113 {1105013 | 1122 | 4 9 3/113 |1059| 5 Aug85; 5 Feb.86 5 Aug8o 5 Pets 
100 |107 |108q 107 rc | 1088 | 4 3 ena 6 Jne.85) 6 Dec.85| 6 Ine.86 6 Dees I 
I 


100 | 15 m4 15 | 154) 154 


| 
} 


| 
} 8 1g} nil. | ai { of | of Gr 































































9112 |109 | 4 Aug85) 4 Feb.86) 4 Aug86, 4 Feb.s7 
‘110 |107 | | 


nil, 
i al Es \ 

100 | 89 | ... |... | 89} 88 | 315 6)... } 4. |BgsAug$85/37, Feb.8t/3,7,Aug862.7 Feb e 
50 | 69 | 69 ; 68 | 68 | 68 | 313 S| 69 | 67 | 5 Aug8s| 5 Feb.8¢! 5 Aug86 eae Le 
50 | 794) 793) 79 | 793) 79Z | 3 15 9 794| 79 | 6 Aug85| 6 Feb.8¢| 6 AugSt 6 Feb, 5; | Ha 
100 |125 127 |125 {196 | 127 12 9\128 |124 4h Aug 8°) 44¥eb.8€| 44Aug86) 4} Feb, 5 
100 /125 |1265)125 (126 | 126) | 3 12 128 |124 | 4hAugS5) 44Feb.8t) 4hAugs6) 44Feb.s7 
100 {121 |122 |120 |}21 | 121 11 122 |120 4g July86) 4jJan.8t) 4jJuly8€) 43Jan.$7 
100 |118 |1193118 |119 | 118} 8 S/1194/116 | 4 July85) 4 Jan.86) 4 July86) 4 Jan.g7 
100 [143 [145 |142 [145 | 145 9 9145 |141 | 5 July85) 5 Jan.86| 5 Julys6) 5 Jans; 
100 }134 }1359)134 |135 | 185% | $ 25 $135%133 | 5 July85| 5 Jan.8€) 5 July$6) 5 Jang; 
190 {130 |131 [129 1130 | 132¢ | 3 10 O\131 |1285) 44July85! 44Jan.86) 4) July86, 4) Jan,s7 
100 (116 (117 |115 [116 | 115 9 INT IS | 4 Suly85) 4 Jan.86) 4 July86 4 Jan.s7 
100 [112 )114 |112 jp14 | 113 10 9114 \111 | 4 July85) 4 Jan.86) 4 July86) 4 Jan.s7 
100 [136') ... |... fi36 | 137 | 3 24 31137 136 | 5 July85| 5 Jan.86) 5 July86 5 Jans} 
100 j112 j114 \112 id | 113. 19 9114 111 | 4 Aug85| 4 Feb.86| 4 Aug86) 4 Feb.s7 
100 110 [1114110 (111 | 1174 12 

1 


100 |108 i 1108 \110 | 109% 





tnt. te Cater fa = Cs Se Se Ge So Se Se Se Me Se Se Se 








100 |108 |109 |107}109 | 1075 | 2 14 0111 [107 | 4 Aug86| 4 Feb.86| 4 Aug86 4 Febs7 

100 {109 /1103}109 /110-} 1103 | 4 3 OIL 0B} |, | | db Dee gh 

100 | 683; 69 | 678' G77’ 67§ | 3 2 5} 704) 654) @ Aug85) 3jFeb.86) 3 Aug86 3) Febs7 
100 |168 {109 {107 {108 | 109 | 314 9/109 pe 4 Suly85) 4 Jan.86) 4 July 4 Jans : 
| | ml 
100 (150 |150 {149 49 | 149 3 0151 1445] 5 July85 7 },Jan.86 5 July86 7} Jans7 In 
al Et 5 | Bisl 4 0 0} 88 id 5 July85| 5 Jan.86| 5 July86 5 Jani | 
20 | 25 25 | 244 0 0 2% | 24) 5 July85| 5 Jan.86) 5 July86 5 Jans; In 

| | 

100 {167 he7 1603164 | 164 | 8 13 3/168} 1604 6 Oct. 85) 6 Apl86) 6 Oct.86 6 Aplsi 
j In 

100 {113 |114 |113 lisa! 1l4 | 312 0116 oe ital Aug 85|4y}, Feb.86 4,1, Aug 86 1, Feb.$7 


} } } j 

100 eas ts | vse ozs 1623 | $14 61166 |162 |5}4Aug85)544 Feb.61544 AugS6 5{iFebsi 
OOO Tse | ew L ahaha hou Ac ks) ote .. | 4 July85| 5 Jan.86) 5 July86 4 Jani 
100 |120 a 120 122 | 1213 | ¥ 6 01122 119 | 4 July85) 4 Jan.86) 4 July86 4 Jansi 


100 |165})167 {164 11654 1654 $12 9 1684 164 | 6 Aug85| 6 Feb.86, 6 Aug86 6 FebSi 
100 5 AugS6 5 Feb. 


141 /1429)141 |142 | 1423 | $ 12 0143 |140 | 5 AugS5| 5 Feb.86 
4hAugs6 4}FebS) 





100 {127 /128 |126 127 | 1264-| $ 22 31130 |126 | 44Aug85| 44Feb.86 5 
100 |126 [128 |126 127 | 127 | 3 12 6/129 |125 | 44AugS85) 44Feb.86) 4)Augs6 4)Febsi 
100 |125 126 |125 /1954) 1953 | 3 12 3/128 (124 | 4hAug85| 4}Feb.86| 4}Augs6 4)Fbsi 
100 [112 [112 111 112°} 111 | 3 22 0/113 [120 | 4 Aug85! 4 Feb.86 4 Augs6 4 Febsi 
100 111 |113 [111 /112 | 113 | 8 22 113 |109 | 4 Aug8d| 4 Feb.86) 4 Aug86 4 Febsi 
100 |112 |113g/112 [113 | 1125 | $ 79 6/1154|1103) 3 Aug85| 6 Feb.86| 3pAugs6 5jFebsi 
100 |1545)156 (153 11544) 1538 | 3 18 €)1563)152 | 6 AugS5) 6 Feb.8t) 6 Augs6 6 Feb.87 



































100 103$}1044 103 1034! 1035 | 2 13 0/1083) 97 | 0 Aug85| 6 Feb.86) 0 Augs¢ 54 Febs7 
100 | 1099/1104 1094/1105! 1104 | $ 13 3/1124'1063) 4 July85| 4 Jan.86) 4 July86, 4 Jani 
100 111g 114 [LINE 114 | id | 3 16 ejll4 ryety 4pJuly85| 4}Jan.86) 4}July86 44Jan.Si 
100 /121 | we |e [QL | 121 | 8 15 i1214/121 44 July85| 44Jan.86| 44July86, 4;Jan.s7 
100 {129 }130 |129 1130 | 130 | 3.17 6/131 |129 | 5 July85) 5 Jan.86) 5 JulyS6) 5 sal 
100 |1064)1063104 \104 | 104 | 3 27 (1085 104 | 4 Oct.85} 4 Apl.86) 4 Oct.86, 4 Apl® | 
100 /112}} ... | s+ 1125) 1125 | 4 2 6! ... | ... | 44Oct.85} 4$Apl.86) 4}0ct. 86 4)ApL>. 
100 1109) ... |... |LNO}) 110Z | 4 2 3/1134 /110}) 4}Sep.85! 44Mar86| 44Sep.S6) 4)Mars: 
100 [tts joe [ee HIS] NS 14 2 3}... |... | 44Sep.85 44Mar86| 44Sep.86 4)MarS. Ha) 
100 [88§x| ... | ... | 886] 88§ | 323 | 99 | B8BI 3 Sep.85| 34Mar86| 34Sep.86 3 MarSi 
100 (126 | vss | ve» (126 | 126 | 4 O G27 |124 | 5 July85 5 Jan.86/ 5 July86 5 Jan.8i | 
100 |103x/104 103 j104 | 104 | 3 17 6/1064|103 | 4 Sep.85| 4 Mar86| 4 Sep.S6 4 Mar’: ) 
100 |103})108 a 108 | 3.16 6|108 (101}' 44Sep.85| 43Mar8€| 4 Sep.8¢) 4} Mars. 
ea 
100 [1148/114% 1128/1129) 1148 | $ 27 0/114g/1128' 4 May8s| 4 Nov ss} 4 May86 4 Nord? 
100 |107x|108 |107 108 | 109 | 3 14 |109 |107 | 4 Oct.85| 4 Apl.86) 4 Oct.86 4 ADiS 
100 |1065 ve | see (1069) 1064 | 3 15 51063, 1044 4 Oct.85| 4 Apl.S6| 4 Oct. 86 . | 
100 (1034) ... | ... 11034! 1034 | 3 27 6/1054/1033! 4 Oct.85| 4 Apl.86) 4 Oct. 86 were 
100 95x) 98 | 95 | 98 | 984) 4 1 9 98 | 9 | 4 Oct.85) 4 Apl.8t| 4 ae : aise 
100 | 98x = 98 | 993) 100 | 4 0 6100 | 96 | 4 Oct.85| 4 Apl.8e) 4 Oct.) - Ary 
10 | 98x) ... | -.. | 98! 10 | 2 4 3| 9%) 98] 5 Oct.85) 5 Apl.86) 5 Oct.” 9 
100 | 59 | 592) 58 | 584) 58h | 114 6 594| 55 | 120ct..86 JApl.86| 1 Oct-86, 1 Apl 
100 | 14]. | oe | 36+ DD) ot | | oh ni et 


| Beets ye , 
100 | 33]... |... | 33) 2] mi | 35} 28] nil nil | il nil. 


eg, 4 Jan.$7 
100 |1093)2103/1093'110j) 1103 | $73 3/111 10091 4 July85| 4 Jan.8¢| 4 JulyS6 ° 
100 1044 1059110491105 | 105 | 2 28 a11084 seas 4 Sep.85| 4 Mar86| 4 Sep.S6 4 2a". 


100 | 99x\1025| 99 102 |} 102 | 4 3 9)1024| 973) 4 Sep.85 44Mar86) 4 Sep.86) 









































PRICES OF THE 
CaprIraL. | MonrTu. 





wal 212 2,8 
Par. | | eS) 

£ oe Eig. ALA 
I a allel 


Saeed 









RAILWAYS. 
Subscribed’ 
l! Great W: cstern—eonanl. pref. 5 % stk) 11,507,417, 
since Do ConSOLIDATED ORDINARY Sock 19,506,672 
since iGreat Western of Brazil Railway. 
2b.87 Limited, 6% debenture stock .. 
ec, $6 Deve °, Exten. deb. stock, Scsip ... 165,000) 
Do shares—gnaranteed 7 inmates 300,000) 
I. reenock emyss 
Oe een ) Wrkd by Cal 30,000 
eb.87 Do ordinary......... j 45% gr.reept.,| 120,000) 
b. $7 HN Hamilten & N.-Western 6 %lst Mort.| 450,000, 
b. 87 Havana Rail ways lst Mort 7 7 % bond: 
b. §7 redeem, yrs from July, 1887 ... 
eb.§7 Highland 4} % debenture stock ..... 
in. 87 Do 4 % debenture stock ............ 
sn. $7 Dc Perth & Dunkeld 6 % pref... 
in, $7 | De Nairn 5 % preference ............ 
in. 87 Do do6 % pref. minimum........... 
n. 87 Do Class ‘A, 44 % preference......... 
in. $7 De Class B, 5 °%/ fe ose cenensee: 
n. 87 Do ORDINARY CONSOL. CAPITAL . 
0.37 Hull, Barnsley, & West Riding Junet 
b.87 Illinois Central Railway 5 % sterling 
b.87 sinking fund bonds., before 190: 
es Do 6 % sterling bonds, | ee 
b.87 Do 5 % sterling bonds, 1905... .. 
cM [MM Do6%i Mort. Chie. Sprngficid,"as| $1,600,000) 
b 87 Do Leased line 4 %stock peceeoititie? $10,000,000, 
n. 87 Do $100 i al RSS 29,000,000 
4 Illinois Midland (Paris & Decatur 7° 240,000 
0.8; | Imperial Brazilian, Natal, and Mas 
; Cruz, Lim., 54 % deb. red by 191¢| 368,300) 
8} Do preferred 7 7 Zshares ............ 250,000 
n. 87 Indianapolis and Vincennes 7 % Ist 
7 mrt. (gua. by Pennsyl. Rly.) 1908.) $1,700,000) 
L8; | Do6 % 2nd mortgage, 1900......... | $1,450,000) 
j Indian Mid. L.gua. 4%&{ surp. profits) 2,744,040 
Dy Do do Iisa ee shape 255,960 
; i eof Man 5 & preference ............ | 50,000 
Si | oie. | 139,715) 
1.34 Slo OE WON ease nes inwasnions 139,150) 
ey ireto Algeciras — Gibraltar 6 % debn 312,500) 
».87 / Kilk cenny June. 5 % A debenture stk. 100,861 
we | Dod % B debenture stock ......... 130,896 
fe ee -Charkow-Azow 5 % guarntd 
Si | = by Russia, by drawi 196 1,725,741) 
8, | La Guaira and nbar ings by | 54 
194 | Ra epic SES dbetscnndes sockivwes 70,000) 
3 DO TI si sbitibeiis vSikssececeees.- 320,000 
2 jlake Shore & Mich. Southern shs./349,466,500 
a Lancashire & ¥, sanien 4% deb. stk.| 8,633,471 
5 Do 6 9 + eiihee: peed "794,040 
a Do E. Lanes. 6 and surplus profit:| 288,375 
e Do, do 44 % and surplus profits} _ 100,000 
7 Do 4° 4 consolidated guarntd. stk.| 1,404,929 
‘gr Do consolidated 4 % ban ...| 8,390,187 
=| Do 1880 4% prefer., convert.Jan.’8&| 1,348,000 
sc] Do 18824 % perpetual ............... 2,130,000 
+H l Do 188444 preference .............. 1,512, 
<a Do Coxsouipatep SPOCK ...,.. 000s 15,392,995 
at Lehigh V alley 6 % consol. mort.1925| $3,000,000 
7 Do 6 & sterling mortgage “A,’ 
9 redeem. by drawing by 1897.. 1,000,000 
3 | Lemberg- Czernowitz-Jassy 57 oblig 
WOO i ca 540,000 
$6 Do Suargs, guaranteed (*200 f1.)..| 3,960,000 
7 pe Railways, Limited ............... 800 
5° Lon pion N.-Western 4 % deben. stk.| 25,642,897 


mie % consolidated guaranteed ... 


| De Do Shamehioe tie OS cc vincnciece: 
37 | ire Union rntd, 4 
|  —- W, edt die. od Barat | 
| Lond, Un. Shen 08 Zohar oL above 
| - “< estern wae gy 7, deb. stk. | 
De B" "4% debenture eck . 
7 a 34 % debenture stock ......... 
7 De consol. guaranteed 4 % stock.. 
7 Do 4y 4 reference 4 % stock . 
7 Do CoxsoutpatEn Srock .......... 
~ »Brighton, & 8. Coast 4 Zdeb. - 
Do 44 % debenture stock ............ 
consolidated 5 9% ea ak | 
De consolidated 5 . stock mm 
2nd consolidated % pref. stk.! 
Do ORDINARY geese ey a. | 


Do 
Do deferred ordinary 6 7% 


POOR OT ERE EEE 





15,100,406 
te > consolidated preferential ...| 23,080,626 


37,732,500 








| $100 | 1024) 96 /100 | 98 
/ $100 1024 !134 
100 |100 | 40 : 42 | 


100 |100 | | 933! 935 903! 92 | 


$100 $100) 98}) 


100 hao | "1423 1394 142 
= [100 ‘1363/1383 136 1138 


.. (100 '116 119} 114 hig | 
100 100 {107 ‘111 (107 '110 > 


20 | 20; 20 20 | 19, 


19 | 


10 | 10 | 13 | 13 13 ‘12jx) 


10 | 10 | 128! .. 


woe | 12GB! 
100 |100 ee | 108 107 (Los are | 


4 0 100 ‘108 {1113 108 un | 
100 [1189/1194 1169 4194) 1174 | 3 10 
i100 | 1144 116 114 \114j) 114 | 3 10 
100 | 11624) 164 624 164 | 163 | 223 


1100 1323) 


1100 |1243 ssighe 
1100 |130"1132" 130 
100 | 923, 924. 92 | 


[200 | | 21 | 213 20 | 


‘100 ‘0 | 111 108 | 
100 [115 |115 [112 


360 [100 {103 (111 108 


'1024/118 |120 Ns 


1324) 


. 1623! 166 
'124}| 124 
130 | 132 


| 923) 
215) 


09x! 


13x: 


' 


20 | 20) 85) 8h) 7 | 


11023 124 |i274124 how 
on 102) 109 {110 109 | {10x 
100 |100 '105 107 105 106 
20 | 10 | 103/ 12} 103, 12 | 


5 | 5 | 5ix| 64: 54) 


tt) | 
118 | 
99 | 


39 1333 137 | 
38 | 40 | 


{ 
| 
i 


8x 


6 | 


5| 5 its 49 4g) 445, 


100 |100 

a» {100 | 
1100 | 

100 100 | # 


100 | SRF seg 
10 10 "4 73 “By 


3; 
99 | 973) 974) 


100 1275, 1295 zi i204 


(100 (1179119 [1273 119 | 
1100 |1655'167 '1654 167 | 
1100 (1654) 167 1653 167 
1100 |127 |1274 1264|127 

1100 |1144)115 1143115 
100 1114/1133 1113 1134 


i100 117%, ‘1172 117 


174 2 


... |100 (110 (1114 ro EL 
15 | 12 113.4) 138134, 13% 


1100 1203 1208 11931194 # 
1025 133 1373 133 1374 I 


{100 109 [1105 109 110 


$0 | 30. 


20°| =) isl 3 183 33 183 


63 63 6 


20 
0 00 | (121 7124 12) EZ 


6 


100 /116 {1184 116 118 
100 115 (116; 115 U6 
1100 164} 1644 163 |L64 


100 | os g2 | $13| $2 | 
100 119 121 ‘119 121 


1100 119 [1213 119 |121 | 
100 103 |104 102 103 | 
1100 1113 [114 ‘113 [114 | 
100 (113 115 113 114 
(100 112 [114 (112 '113 
100 |1283 1295, 128) 1295 


133 : 
‘139 | 
33S | 
137 | 
133 | 


1100 \116° (1174116 
100 |130 |133 130 
100 128 [140 138 
100 135 |138} 135 
1100 134 137 134 
160 133 [134 132 
100 147 151 147 


100 }21h 1213 1282 og so 
a 


a 100 | cae 


‘TS! 





ya | 
} 


| April 30, 1887.] THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL. 





BRITISH, COLONIAL, AND FOREIGN RATLWAYsS—Continued. 
‘Last yrs.) Prices 


Lest divs. yld.| 1887. | DrviDENDs. 
Busi- nies, 2 | 
at Latest; ¢ | Last Four. 
cee Price. elt | Rate per Cent. per Annum. 
© 'PerCent' | 3 *Interim. | 
1423 | 3 10 6 1425 139 | 5 Augss| 5 Feb.so 5 Aug86, 5 Feb87 
“at $16 0138}133 | 44Ang85 inns 4 Aug86| 6) Feb. 87 
1193/5 2 1195 113 | | 6 Ang8s| 6 Feb.86| 6 Ang86| 6 Feb87 
109 | 5 10 OLN (207 | . | 6 Jan87 
1991/5 5 3 2 [19 | 7 Oct. se) 5 Aphse 3 Oct. 86) 7 Apl87 
n |g 5 13 124) 5 Oct.85) 5 Aplse| 5 Oct.86| 5 ApL87 
a) = { nil nil nil, nil 


“1g | 5 18 


135 I7 
12 
z3 
28 


92 


te. Co Co Ce Ce 


ce 

oe 

3S 
Cite te te bs Co 
2 te tote HM OS 


1273 | 5 18 
1094 | 4 19 
107 | 3 26 


12 | 236 


awit hs 
4H} 4 
134 | 6 


s 
See 


: bea bese be Pe Oe : 
t8 0a © ba D Pa OO CR: 


ba hs 
* 


te 


pe 
= 
oe 

% tS te Go Cola te Ce te tatete 


bs 
we 


aan . 
WW & Serr: 


5 
4 
3 
2 
2 
3 
si | 3 é 
$ 
3 
2 
2 
2 
> 


6 
2H) 3 6 
1033 | 3 9 
1154 | 3 29 
W5 | 3 79 
tag | 3 27 
1293 | 3 i7 
H7,i 2 
133 | 3 8 
Ho | 212 
1374 | 3 13 
137. | $23 
133} | 3 1 
| 1505 | 3 19 

3 21 

nil. 


; 
i 









7a ee 

















































$110 106 | 6 Jne.$5} 6 DecS:) 6 Jne.86 6 Dee.86 


g lll 1106 | 7 Jal :| 7 Jan.86| 7 JalyS6| 7 Jan.87 
51098 ... }43May 78: 44 Nov. Sf | 44 May 86/44 Nov. 86 
16” nigel May 8 4 Nov. 8 |4 Ma y 86)4 Nov.86 
9 164 1625/6 May 82|3 Nov. 82! 6 May 86:6 Nov. 36 
Ot vcs Ten ‘5 May 85|5 Nov.82|5 May8€/5 Nov.86 
oe }6 May 82,5 Nov. &'3 May 8616 Nov. 86 
41244 120 44May 85/44 Nov. 85,44 May 86/44 Nov. 86 
5132, 12745 ey SS Nov. 85/3 May 865 Nov. 86 
G G2 39° “gees — 85}. (3 May 86/5 Nov. 86 
| 22 163) ou . | 3*Jan. 84| nil. since 
gl 108 |5 Oct. 8) 
6116 112 6 Oct. 
9111 ‘107 (5 Jue. 
3120 116 6 Jne. 
0100 97 4 Ine. 
0139 132 )8 Aug. 
| 42 a] nil, 


| 
3} 943. 89 (54 Oct. 
0 $4 6 |4 Apl 





Baneen 
BREE 


a Ow Sou 7” 
2 E Be 
RRVS 
x “ 
oF Fi . 
So g 
a v 
be 
S 


Sa 
eo 
'~ 


i i i 
GAB 121 |7 Ang. 
sill 107 16 Oct. 
6 108 103 | 


so 
re: 


ne LR 
SoS Oe Oe Oe 


- oi 
E 


*. 
frye 


cy 

tes SS be 
Cond Sg 
ae 


SSR RRP E 
__keeseeeee £2 


¥ 

g F 
bai Mined 

ws 

3 

& 


62 53! 5 Sep. 85, 
43 47,| 4 Sep. 85 
135 1274)34 for 83 
. ‘ Nov. 84! 

M 


ags 
Ree 


S 
p 
BE 


3 
3 
6 
0 


4 
% 


5 May 85/5 Nov. $5 5 

t a 

145 July 8¢\7 Ne & clay 86 © Novas 

3 Joly 86) st a 7 wen Jon : 
$4 J Jan. 86/4 er an. 

426 July 858 Jan. %/5 Jul y 86 Jan. 87 

6 Aug 855 Feb. 86/3 Ang 86 $6'6 Feb. 87 | 

5\44 Feb. 86 44 Aug, 3644 Feb. 87 | 

= 4 Feb, 8€ # Ang, 36/4 Feb. 87 | 


— Ff 


A 
A 
Ang, 35,4 Feb. 86! Aug 864 Feb. 87 
y 
A 


beat 


a | ug. 85% Feb. S€\# Aug 864 Feb. 87 | 


{ Feb.s¢ t Aug 86/4 Peb. 87 | 
ji va Ang 8:8 Feb. se 4 Ang oor = f 
HT M3pas Aug. 8c 3k Feb. 8 4 Aug. 36) e 
ay ae 6 Jae 85/5 Dec. 85,5 Jan. 566 Dec. 86 


e nopaarye Jue. 85 5 Dee. 866 Jue. 56 Dee. 86 


. & Ma 85 5 Nov.35,5 May 96 5 Nov.86 | 

7 a for T7L Julyss0 JulySs, ‘1 Jaly a6 
clan LS 4 July 35.4 J Jan 864 July 86/4 aay 
6 119g hs 4 Ang. 85,4 Feb. 86 4 Aug 56/4 a 
3116p 14 | Ang $5|¢ Feb.864 Aug56\¢ toy 
0:1654 1603 6 ange Feb. 86,74 Ang, 86)7 a 


3) 835, 3043 Sep. 85, 34 Mar. s¢ 22 Sep 86 34Mar. 87 


or HS 4 Julyssi4 Jan. 864 Siaal Jaz. 87 
aed 113 4 July 854 Jan. 36/4 July 864 2 
oot 102 BI 30/34 Jan. 86,34 July 36,34 am. 


Tis H2 4 Aucsot Feb S64 Aug S64 Feb 87 
sins ‘Atl 4 ‘AugSoit Feb. 86,4 Aug. oat oe a 
6 1293; 123933 Aug 85,54 Feb. $6,344 oS SF 
ous MS i Jaly ssl ag Jam. 87 
S132 [129 445uly 95: “goes 


6140 137 5 Anug.355 Feb 865 
€1384) 134 3 Aug.835 Feb. 86:5 ae 
6137 133 5 Aug855 Feb. 86.5 aaeses Feb. 87 
0134 325},24 Aug. ng 85,61 Feb. 85.24 Angee 87 
é15t 144 5 Ang. 857 Feb. 36: Ang 86,24 Feb. & 
S122 100gs Feb. $43 Feb. $5 2] Feb. wa 


| 27 |e} nil. nil. | nil, 
t ' : 






























——- cette ene 


160 THE INVESTOR'S ; MONTHLY MANUAL. [April 30, i887, 











BRITISH, COLONIAL, AND FOREIGN RAILW AYS—Continued. 



































—_—_-—. — 


| Fanon oF THE t = ee oe i 
PITAL. ONTH, ivs. y IVIDENDs, 
- pe ae a Investor — = 
RAILWAYS. bo | at Latest _ 
Subscribed” oe E 4 | 4 ines Price. = Last Four 
. | fa Rate per Cent per Annum 


ele ee ween | 


London, Chatham, ond _ Sheer- | £ 


‘ 
ness rent charge 44 % .........+.- 140,741 


£ 
| 100 Te 125 hee 234 1264 | 3 is 6 resjlies 4h July £5 \44 Jan. 86 4} July 8644 Jan, 97 (i Midl 















































































Do 44 & perptl. arbit. Setcar stock} 5,507,760... 1100 (125 1263125 (126 | 126% 13 12 G27 |124 |44 July 85 44 Jan. 86 44 July 8644 Jan, 87 I 
Do 4 Ge Bdebenture stock! 969,674 ... (100 [124 125¥124 {125 | 1253 | 3 13 01252 122 |44 July 8544 Jan 86'44 July 86 4} Jan, 87 Do 
Do 4 % debenture stock ............ 370,711; ... (100 \109 111 {109 [111 | 109 ls 12 9111 \108 |4 July 85/4 Jan. 864 July 864 Jan. 87 Do 
Do 4 7, deb. stock, 1883 .......... 813,550} ... |100 |109 1114109 M1 j 121g | 3 12 91115108 |4 July85'4 Jan. 864 July 864 Jan. $7 Do 
Do 44 % arbitration pref. stock...) 6,234,674) ... {100 |101 1014 100 '100}| 1003 | 3 4 ojn02y 96 |2 oS Fob, 862 Aug.86 4) Feb 87 Mdlr 
Do 44% second preference ......... $40,441 | a“ 1100 66 | 67 | 6iR) 644 | nil. | 67 | 52) nil. } nil, | ail, 
Do ARBITRATION ORDINARY STOCK| 11,123,051)... 248) 244 23y%) 24 24 mil, | 249) 208) nil. nil | oil, | ail. Ds 
a Til., & Southend 4% deb. stk. "475,268. ho 1115 (116 ll4 i115 116 } 3816 GLI i114 4 a 4 Jan. 86) Mgt 4 Jan.87 I 
4% preterence stock ............ 400,000 Stock 100 109 11163 109 110 | 110 | 3 73 6)1114)108 4 Aug86\ 4 Feb.87 D 
Detieeenn BOE a -00n ss nan 100 {1384/140 (137 [1385) 139 | 3 19 6144 /134 | 35 Aug 85 eiFcise 3 Aug86 8 Feb.87 De 
Island 5% Gold Coup. Bonds, 1931} $5,000 we {108 14x! 116 e 114 | 11293 | 4 & 9117 112) 5 sect 5 a 5 Jan.87) 5 Apl.si p 
a oe ao. ,000,000; ... j1024\114 um 114 = 1164 | 5 2 O17 |110/6 i 6 Dec. a 6 Ine. 86 6 Dec, 86 is 
Do 6 % sinking fund bonds, 1910 : 
(8. én King find nd, HO) 1024|106x)110 {106 110 | 109 | 5 6 0110 /106 | 6 Oct. 85) 6 Apl. % 6 Oct. 86 6 Apl.87 z 
Do 6% Ist mortgage (New Orleans | 
a Mobile Division) J csduatas $5,000,000! ... {1024/1120 [113 [110 |113 | 112g} 5 8 01113 |106 | 6 July85) 6 Jan. a 6 Suly86 6 Jan.87 wid 
 (orighoally 500.0000 —e 439,000; ... (1 1124/1159 et 115 | 415 dnt 110 | 6 er 6 Feb. 86) 6 Augs6. 6 Feb.87 Mir 
Do 6 % 10/40 Adjust. Mort. 1894 105 |1074/104 {104x! 104% | 6 & 31075100 6 May86 6 Nov86 
Do Carrrat Stock $100 shs._ ..... $30,000,000 68 | 72 | 674) 694, 699 | ni, | 72 | 59 6 Jan. 82 nil. since, t 
Madras, guaranteed 5 % by India| 8,757,670 128 |129}/128 |129 | 1294 | 3 17 6/130 \1259) 5 July85 5 Jan.86} 5 July86) 5 Jan.87 a 
I ME iodides cen cadasvens 999,960 121 {122 (120 |12t | 121% | 3 19 oj1b4 119 | 4gJuly85| 43Jan.86| 43July86) 4Jan.s7 Mit 
ReGete es a 114 (145 [114 [114 | 114g | 3 29 6/118 |112 ae 44Jan.86) 4pJuly86 4)Jan.87 Mi 
Manchs r., 
mea 1405/14] (140 (1403) 140 | 3 12 3143 140 | 5 July85) 5 Jan. 86) 5 July86, 5 Jan.$7 ] 
Do 44 % debenture stock ............ 1293/1304 a 1304| 1304 | $ 10 6)1319,1283) 4}July85 ‘ie. 86) Spralyes 44Jan.87 ; 
Do 44 % perpetual ................006+- 1244126 |124$'196 | 125 | 3 11 : 126 \123 | 44Aug85) 4}Feb. 86 86) 44Aug86 4}Feb.s7 . 
; Do 3} % perpetual ............0.000000. 88 | 894) 874) 893) 89 | 3 13 6| 894) 864 3}Aug85 34Feb.86| 3}Aug86) 3}Febs7 - 
- Do 6 % perpetual ..........ccc0. 161 |161 {160 |1605| 160 | 3 16 1634 1160 | 6 Aug85| 6 Feb.86| 6 Aug86) 6 Febsi - 
Do 5 ¥ guaranteed stock ............ 1344137 |13441137 | 137 | $ 1% 61137 |182 | 5 Aug85| 5 Feb.86) 5 Aug86) 5 Febsj 
Do 5 % perpetual, 1862............... 31} 1324/1314|1323) 182 | 3 16 O34 3h 5 Aug85) 5 Feb.86| 5 Aug86 5 Febsi . 
Do 8. Yorkshire 4 % perpetual pref 109 110 {109 /110 | 109 | 3 13 9110 4 Aug85| 4 Feb.86| 4 Aug86| 4 Febsi | : 
Do — %, irredeem. pref 132 oe 131 e 133 | 3 16 133 130 5 Aug85| 5 Feb.86) 5 Aug86 5 Febs7 } 
Do - 4 : , 
rent Rs en 1149115 |1144/1149 La 314 HINT {43 44Aug85| 4}Feb.86| 44Aug86| 42Feb.87 N 
Do 4 % preference ...............0..00 1079|1034 107108; 108 | 3 14 6)109$)1074) 4 Aug85| 4 Feb.86) 4 Aug86 4 a 
Do 5 % preference, 1872 ............ 1304131 |130 1 1305 | 317 3131 i129 5 Aug85| 5 Feb.86| 5 Aug86 5 aa x 
Do 5 7, 1874, pref. convertible 130 131 [129 120 | 131 | $27 9131 |128 | 5 Aug85| 5 Feb. 86) 5 Aug86 5 . ie 
Do 5 %, 1876, preference ............ 1284129 |128 |1284| 128 | 3.18 6|1203)127 | 5 Aug85| 5 Feb.86| 5 Aug86, 5 ee | 
Do 5%, 1879, pref., conv. before 1888 1273128 |127§|1274| 127% | 3 19 0|1204}125q| 5 Aug85) 5 Feb.86) 5 Aug86 ° a I 
Do 5%, 1881, convert. before 1889 121 (123 |121 \193 | 1194 | 4 2 O123 |118§| 5 Aug85| 5 Feb.86) 5 Aug86 5 res 
Do ORDINARY STOCK ............c0000 144 | 76 | 74)) 75 | 758 | 2 23 3) 76 | 654) 0 Aug85| 39Feb.86) 0 Augs6 4 Fh HM | 
Do preferred ordinary 6 % max 1073 1079|1073}1074; 1074 | 3 14 98 | 0 Aug85| 74Feb.86| 0 Aug86 5 - i | 
Do deferred ordinary....’............ 4239/4345 142% 43 om nil. nil. nil. i Um OL 
Manitoba and North Weshecn 5% Ist | 5 Jan.87 | 
Mexyport © Catlisls 4% Gab. sbask 86 | 873] 96 | 87 | 8721 4 14 4 July85| 4 Jan.86) 4 July86 4 Jan 81 | 
isle eb. stock o > Markt | 
R Saas Srock h Siac 164 a 164 |172 | 1594 | 4 0 74Sep.85) 7 Mar86! 6jSep.86, Marbs | 
atanzas & Sabanilla 7%, redeemable e : 
J bey and ao wbacbabiicatuo’ 107 |108 |106-/107 | 1064 | 6 12 7 Jne.85| 7 Dec.85| 7 Jne.86, 4 Dees | 
emphis and Ohio 7 % sterling lst # 
mortgage bonds, 1 "or Se on pba 1195 1203)1194:120 \§1203 | 5 0 7¥,Ine. 8577, Dec. 85/7 yrJne. 86 anes | 
“Mersey perpetual 5 % deb. stock.. 192}... - 1122 | 1244 1 4 3 1) 5 July85) 5 Jan. 86) 5 July86 4 "s | 
a SORES me rae OT it ea 1087 | 4 4 4iJuly85) 44Jan.86) 44July86 4 . 33 | 
Do ordinary shares.................... 7181.61.71. Obl... 4 July85) 0 Jan.86) 0 July86 Gyan 37 | 
Metropolitan, 44 % debenture stock 127 {129 {127 1129 | 127 | 3 10 4hJuly85} 44Jan.86) 4)JulyS6 a yan87 | 
Do 4 % debenture stock ............ 116 \LI7HLIG 1117 | LIZ | sg 4 July85) 4 Jan.86| 4 July86 sea | 
Do 34 % debenture stock ............ 99 |100 | 98 | 99} 99 | 3 11 34July85, 34Jan.86 34July86 eet 
Do ‘ a ,erpetual preference... 108 |100 {108 |110 | 109} | 3 23 4 July85| 4 Jan.86) 4 July86 +e 
MO scessbsisebaanonestassossneces 106 |107 |106 |107 | 1064 | 3 16 4 Suly85 4 Jan.86, 4 JulyS6 4 om 57 
Dea. % irredeem. pref., 1884 ...... 106 |107 |106 |107 | 1064 | 3 26 4 July85! 4 Jan.86) 4 July86 4}Jan.87 | 
Do Consczrpaseb STOCK ............ 112 |LISHILLIZ 113 | 1122 | 3 73 4 July85; 4 Jan. 86) 4 July86 6 Jan.87 | 
~~ OE oi ooviedcvessheass.. 140 w+ 140 46 6 July85, 6 Jan.86) 6 July86 93Jan.87 | 
WN dois ode 8 ve uinaacscs $0 | 90 2 10 4 Jan.84) 4 Jan.85) 2 Jan 86 yt 7 
Meteo itan District 6 % deben. sth 159 1160 |158 |159 | 159 | 3 76 6 July85) 6 Jan.86) 6 July oy 87 
% debenture stock ............ 107 |108 |106 |107 | 107 | 3 16 4 July85| 4 Jan.86) 4 July86 ‘yas | 
De Hammersinith 414 % rent charge ss BS ae 44July85\ 44Jan. 86 44July86, | 








Do Richmond Extension 4 yan) 






| 87 | 
cured on Midland rent ..../..... 110 |111 |109 |110 | 108 | ¢ 23 4 July85) 4 Jan.86) 4 July86 dijon! 87 
Do Faling Extension 44 % rent chg | 112 |, 149/112 |1149) 1143 | 3 28 4gJuly85; 44Jan.86, 44July86\ Oe er | 
Do Fulham Extension 44 Zrentchg L14} vee (M144) 1143 | 3 78 4,0ct.85. 44 Ap. 86 440ct. 86, 7 i Mars? || 
Do 4% Perpet. Guaranteed Stock . 102x,1044/1014/104 | 1044 | 3 17 4 Sep .85) 4 ar 86) 4 Sep. : : Mar$i 
Do 5 % preference, issued at 68}... 81 | 844| 80¥| 843) 832 | 3 71 2 Sep. 85 24Mar86 2. $6 0 Mars? 
Do Orptwaky Srock.................. 423) 433) 40%) 42) sot nil. 0 Augs5, 0 Mar86 0 Aug 


Metrorolitan of Constantinople (Ga- 


oe 
lata to Pera), Limited Mar83 1 Mar 84 nil sine 





















i | 
eereneakiaea eae i $08 6 Jan. 87 | 
Mexican, Limited, 6%, perp. deb, stck 125 |125 124 124 | 124 17 6 July85| ; Jan.86) 6 July8 § Mar$i 
Do 2nd Mortgage 6 % Deb. Stock 107 at 104 |106x) 106} 5 13 $s 6 Sep.85) 6 Mar86 e ae oa 5 Dee. 
Do 8 % Ist preference stock......... 1214)1284|1214'1264) 127 | 4 19 8 Jne.85| § Dec.85 6 Dec. 86 
Do 6 % 2ad preference sivck .. 344 894! 824) 844) 849 nil, 0 Jne.85| 3 Dee. 85) in 36 0 Dec.86 
Do ORDINARY STOCK .................. 63 | 67 | 614|.633) 638 nil, 0 Jne.85| 0 Dec.85 0 [ay86 7 Novs6 | 
ae 7% con, mort., 1902 $8,000 ‘ tae | ete Toe ° | ve | 7 May85| 7 Nov85 7 ete 0 f 
Suabiciins wef bead viele ssseitoud ‘6 at ; ~} "1 0 for 82| 5 for 83 3 for ™, 
Midland Sivfiicia and Rotherhain | — | 1yg6 6 Jan.87 
6% OE pvncetndevnssvvcateice 150, ais spe ia wes | one | 6 July85) 6 Jan.86, ; Jule86 4 Jan.dé 
Do 4 % debenture stock ............ i 17,537,007| ... |100 |120 |122 1120 122 | 121 | 3 6 0,122 \118 | 4 July85) 4 Jan. 86) 4 Augs6 4 Feb.87 
Do 4 % consolidated rent charge...' 3,899,121... '100 ‘115 1174115 '117! 1174 '3 9 QO118 ‘114 4 Aug85' 4 Feb.86 ciate 











n. 87 
n, §7 
n, 87 
n. 87 
n. §7 
b 87 


n. 87 
b.87 
b. 87 
01.87 


¢. 86 
11. 87 
n. 87 
b.87 


Vv 86 
nee, 


-i1-14 
es Se Gy oe 
1 











| 








PRICES OF DrvipENDs. 
OF THE j via | 1837. 
| PRicEs Last divs. y 
[se eee mee Last Four. 
AP ‘at ' ~ j Annum. 
ee eg ' . j 
A Tees Rate per Cent. per 
1 | | PerCen | , - 2: 
RAILWAYS. ubscribed| of soe E i = S | 4 ey ec fT } | 4 Febs7 
Plpoengeeregees pore pose 9 od | & Fob0) 4 Angel 4 Pea 
cee | | 118 114 | 4 Aug85 Paes 6 Soe 
£ ae 17z# is 9 @ 4 Aug85. 4 Fe Augs6 + 
a $115 7 | *heg | $1i 115 112 85 4 Feb.86, 4 86 5} Feb87 
dail ihe Semel cd 400 a m M2314 Ig | 33 6 13g = 2Aug85 a ta a 
14% conso ror sesersernans] 5, + see }100 12 | 912651 an. 
Midlands Leeeenee vr Aug. 168i) 2250.00 16 |"t0 | 124. 128, ai ate oe 433an.86 stanses| StAeLS? 
bod % pe 1860,bonv. Aug 1887 serie pee ere 1107 | 4 0 e110 107 | | aaly8s 43 5¢ApL 86, re as 4 4 Jan 87 
Do4 o prel., Onpixaky Stock eee .. |107 19% 4 6 61263 195 i July85 4 tasen $s uly86 4jJan.87 
SOLIDATED d. —Gt.| j eee loo or | ; 125 j -<0 ; 7 ~ 5106 104 4 7 an.8j 
ee eel “| Be BS ee 28 2s i are dine soo thee 
Nrthn w rent n 715) |. Ny 1085 108 108% 1319 6116 85 5 Mar | 4 Mar87 
v. & W. ord.(max. | 603, 100 |108 1085 14) 114 | 3 119'| 5 Sep. 86 4 Sep. 86. 
Do G. N.& BE Rchsessns) seas 493, eee 114 111}1 [4 3 91225 4 Mar 86, 3fMar87 
Peer eer meneerseorr . 100 |1124, 194) 1193 | 1} 98 | 4 Sep. 86) 34Se an.87 
Doi 7 debenture soc peer sry 201,700)... {100 |120x'120 | His hoot 100 | 4 a gots 764) 3 Sep. 85 7s ay —s cad 
Do 4h. debenture stock ©. sane 100 | ae aE: we wie Tees | 4 July 2 for 1882 3 for 1883 nil. 
aa % ‘preference cera ST ee 0. in 100 73s! ‘110 Fe 1108 | i 1074 13 4 ae j = - 5 Nov86 
Do4 y anpacqoeanng seeee = earn a 347 .. |100 (108 ore | nil Ps 0D 5 Nov 85, 5 Ma | 5 Jan. 87 
Dp Comngzmaese Sencs stock a 10 | 10 .* Pe * a oe ove | 1062 AY $1084 100 ; ies 5 Jan.86 5 Jul 
, ‘“ a , 106 i 7 i ' 
M08 % preference ee pee on ast ae 100 103 pestis Ase 105 | 1043 | 4 14 _— uly86| 6 Jan.87 
land of Canada 5% Tat, 1908; 44 100 |100 100 105}: | | | . Jetyes! 6 ¢ Somos 7 JalyS6 in 
Midland o lidated mortgage...... | 106 | 5 1% Si 137 ae ‘DL 86| 6 Oct 86. 
Y conso tures 106 24, 217) A 186, 
nas aad Rio, Lim, 6 8%, debentare 7,900| 100 |100 |106 23) 22 | 304 woe oS my). | 6 Ap > Anatel 1 Vob.82 
RL 2 rd, by 1 i sb gpa ga 20 shigiti 1109 iif 116 f im és 7 Anges 7 Feb.86) 7 i 5 Se 6 Nov86 
ears (ori yrs 102 16 |] 
ae eo be raids. 1921| $1°382,0001 $1,000 vet Le |us | £ 16 ‘tose 100 | * dividends ever paid | 5 Nov8s 
mmcapelin € Kost Solin % 1st Mt. 000 102} 114 to ‘104 1105 | 1058 | 5 8 | 354: 28 | No a 5 Jan 87 
_ r neva en 1904 ...|314,000, $1, 1024|104 (105; 324, 33 333 |e 311054, 102 “* 5 Jan 86) 5 July 86 0 Jan87 
Missou d Grant gold bonds, 1920/$31 ,000,000 100)1024| 33 | 354! 1053, 1043 | 4 47 0103 | 97 | 5 July85 ° Jan.86 0 July 
wae eraaeel mvett bapa, 108 eeaneee res /100 105 |1054, 1044 103} 102 |5 2 ee | 12 | 0 July85. | 5 Dec. 86 
Do Onpixany ) 8% deb. bonds 172.600| 100 jlop 134) 15 | 12 | ae | sg hi | 5 Ine.85, 5 Dees oo 
tell Champlntsatne i 115,800, 100 |100 | 134) o1g'03| 102 | 4 28 on02 | | al cain 
Montreal rel 6 % Is 102 102 | $5| 6 Ma 
Montreal and eet g-5Xby Russia, 1.849 100 |100 co May85 6 Nov 
7 100 | 6 y an. 87 
before 1945 (orig. b | 1014, 100 | 2}Jan.86) 2 6 Jan.87 
wale See pm | 459,000 100 {100 oe af iE wite's | 328) 214) 2byalye at ra 8 for 88 
Kussia, iss. a 889 at par. seeees , 125) 12 | 124) a\4 9 q's | 35 24 for 833} for 
redeemable by 1 i) B 20 | 98'| 96 foi as se 6) 42 35 | 
Namur & Liege, guaran ee coanee 20 | 20 | 27 | 28 eae | 374) 39% | 8 13 wen ai | 5 
14 francs per annum.. Gov. 200, 100 100 | 374) | mil, | 523) 444) 5 Feb.86 : ug since 
=. 6h otrenes)...) | Ger. | he) cheat ert — 
Sse Oscarshame Seraaye boa by| 264 100 oo | 953 a 954 100 ‘th Pe | 45 | ”“ | x a 6 Mays6 6 Nov86 
| National Pisco to Yea, 5% t applied ; ee ee on May85 6 Nov85, 
g find. 2% no 600, 423, : 6 113 | 6 Dec. 86 
| Kew Branawick® iat mort. pres oy - eT ln a US | | 116 | asf jaa Jne85 6 va $ Jala ; Jan. 87 
| Newfoundland Ist Mort. wT guar.| 800,000 100 AS ; i pas oes ot on July85 7 Jan. 36) ‘ : 8 
| New York 0 Hednon Cana "i903| 800, all g aig] aig | 472 9 [38 “6 Jan.86) 6 Jalys6 6 Jen.87 
Delaware River! 1,000 1553, d i 86 5 Mar 
| New York eattelk ae saondl gicassoo0l ae 1024) 1a a Be ls 3 dae | ne $ Sep 8s 4s Julyee : Oc 86 4 Jan. 87 
| pete ee ae Seliesatneaanih we ie Files 124 92 ae 1 ee 45 115) 1125 4 ApL86 st so 7 Mars7 
Do6 % sterling mortgage, iss -~| 97'850°000 gi 1024 110 ui 115Z 116 | 1163 Ss | > Sep.85 7 Mar86! 7 Oct 8t 5 ApLS? 
mer redeemable 1905... £57850 000 81.00 1025/16 117 | ell | Sep. 85 7 ADL Sod gApLSi 
d bentures Seder Ts | -- aa i 3 44Ap) : 86 5 z 
Sr ee 000, 1024) / Lat’st New i aski17 | | 44Oct. aS 5 Dec.85 5 nee : es 
New York, Lake ee” | See 1024 | York (Maal; -~ Pao Po: fag eg coma? Sep.86 7 Mar87 
dee 2, | Quotetns. ~~ | or 7 Mar 
Doda Sat tenehe Sh 5 1928. | $4,852, 102) cw ask105 16 01374, 132 | 7 —— - 86, 7 Mar87 
pe ard mort. extended 44 7, 05%) ri 100" [1343/1374 1345 1379" 196. | 4 130 | 7 Sep.85| 7 Mar86| 7 Sep.86 
Do 4th mort., as oo pillhbsnend 316,596, ol — 132 4 iS 9138 120; 3 bsqt cojupe teDoc; 05 foniad 
Do7% lot cnolidated none $3,702,157 1024 1324 1344 aay toes, 15 | i 11054 ao) ea ee Dec 8s 
7 Mat sanaal. mortgage funded # 1051 1014 1054 (5469) ——- 84 0 Jan 85, 
eo mn, BOBO. ....i:00i 1025, 101g ! 85 | Tap ¢ Jan. nil 
0267 Rindonea. mortgage i, gs gpy BA eae e a a 
coupon to June 30 yg maps oie $) 1022) 80 | ri 74 75 j 74 i nil. 363 4: nil. nil ; j 
De iundted coupon 5 7, bonds ...... | ox teetea B00 N0zk| coal 3641 35 (351 35 | mi | 208 16 | 6 Sep.86 6 Mar87 
old income bonds .............. 190 156,7 100 |1024) 354, 36 19g 193, 194 | wet Oe ee ee eas tae 
Mt preferred stock .............. 271083 900 iso 102) 19 194) 24 110; | 4 12 oAll a ean ee eee me ~~ 
waa. 0 110; | 52 | 43 | 
Do, Coumox Ls na Seg stk.) eat ‘110x111 109 a i ca dutwl we nil. a a . 
ew York »Ontari nd Ohio) re, 50 | 483 123 | ail, | ; | wal mil i pik 
New York, Pennsylvania, - 1895) 96 3 1024) 453 24) 12 | 124 mil | 6) a | ol ail | 
iy hmateees 1606. i g j ave . 3 ey Apl ; i 
Deyo we aie morigage, end esbcevses 31330 ‘oal| ee os eos | eee | Sf a z ae 6 Oct. 85, 6 le ; 6 Jan.87 
Do7 4 and rp. gedaan “cr faloon 00 1024). | - Z ee opt Le Jelyee, © Jane SS aS eae 
Do preferred stoc sy aren BO 108000 1024) . oe. hoo | | 993 /6 1 uae 08a 5 Ine.85 5 | 4 Ine. oe 
common stock ............... _ i | ge { : : s 
N. Yk. Texas AMaxican 67, Stl. Mort e 100 | 96,100 i 110 | 110 ; ‘; 6 98 | 94) May85 6 a $ Aug86 6 Feb.87 
Nitrate Railways, L., ion tand by fob oor 100 |110 Ns | 98 | 97 | ang | 3 , SEER le aeons — behen ae <a 
ian's Beate Ron af fund by % stock) 1’o00, 102) 6 ae oo 103. | ar on ajt0e | o2¢Quarteriy| Mar, "sia a 4 
beovses 1033 OF \6é cel nil 
D 4 rt. debenture scrip $6, 1024) 102 107 107 554 
oa 8 Wetare GX aee aii $2,000 1024|105 |107 ‘314 ef | ater 
6 % Imp. and Ext. bonds, 1934 $1,500, 1024 my 55 | oe ce nil. | 3 7 Jan.87 
7% adj. mort. bonds, 1994... $18,000 024). ae “| | | |. | apetyss! 7 Jame0! 7 
orereanee os a woe 
Z prelorence stock: «0... | i 4 hos! 198 '3 “4 
ooneee Junction, | eee eee 
North and South- mi Western, - 


Midland, & Nth-Ladn. at 7 %p.a 










i 0 s 



































100 
































A 9 























Son” eee a 



















es 





162 


er ee en 
ee 





































































































THE INVESTOR'S M MONTHLY MANUAL. 























“ten 


BRITISH, COLONIAL, AND FOREIGN RAILWAYS8—Continued. 











a ee 


30, 1887, 






















ESOF . ogee 
sai PRICES THE Pe yla. — Divipenps. 
Mon —~| Busi Investor ee ‘s rn 
~ i ” lat Latest ‘ Last Four. 
eS | = z 3 ness | Price. 3 : Rate per Cent. per Annum, 
RAILWAYS. es i & | 8 | § | Done |perCent.| | 8 
—!—|— |_ |-—— 3 9 61134 110) 4 Aug85, 4 Feb.8¢, 4 Aug86 4 Feb,s; 
100 jL11§ 1134 1118, 113 | 1134 $16 311364! 1324, 5 Aug8i 5 Feb.8t} 5 Angst) 5 Feb.87 
North British consol. Lien stock 4% 100 1136 136 i135 136 | 135 ol128 11254] 5 Sep.8f] 5 Mar&t| 5 sep a 5 Mar87 
Edinburgh and Bathgate ...... 100 [1254 ... v /L254) Me 4 io ese ital 6 Sep.8/| 6 Mar& | 6 Sep.8(/ 6 Mars} 
oa Ciyde June, ft 5 pr 100 j121x| ... | .. . {12 21 | | 419 ol 75 |1714| 7 Sep. 8 | 7 MarSt| 7 Sep. 8(| 7 Mars7 
6% redeem. preference: 100 \1714) . ae B 172 4 : 140 137 | 5 Aug8i)| 5 Feb.8| 5 Aug8i| 5 Feb.g} 
ordinary stock ........ 100 |140 |... | Og | er 5 117@1154)-4 4 Mays: | 4 Nov6i| 4 MaySt/ 4 Novgg 
% debenture stock (E.P.& D.B 100 {117 LTB L158 Use 6 ; 10 311293 1265 4} May: | 44Nov8: ~~ ay8i oo - 
fy debene a oe eed eh 1184 1284x121 211 6)t21 |118j 4¢May8i C Mars | ‘1 ep ten 
y 4 debenture MNO icpncannntes a0 121 2 6112 110 | 4 Sep ar Se 7 
Lannie 10 0s Lg 10 | jiney ries | - 6\1113)1083| 4 Sep.8| 4 Mars | & Sep. 84) 4 Mars 
Do consol. 4 % pref. stock, No. 1... 00 100) 1094/1084)! | $15 3)163 |100 | 6 Sep.8:| 6 Mar8#| 6 Sep.) 6 Noes 
k, No. 2. 160 | 163 | 3 44Mar8t| 448ep.8(| 44 Mars? 
Do Monkiand eaees soe 100 [isp 1305, ig 20 20 oa | $ 16 a Sser, z Pee! 5 Sep.&| 5 Marsy 
~ . 1 $16 Hl } 1 ( } 
ee er Lee 100 1308 130 11294! 129) t 32 i327 6|132 oo 5 Sep ‘e . a taser 8c ‘auen 
Do 5% ‘convertible’ pref, 1874 ss et jin. 218k) 118 | 3 36 ‘190 tt tisen, 8: “iMars 4}Sep. 8t| 44Mars] 
; 116 , r1 5 f St Mar87 
Do 44 7 preference, 1875 ......... 00 118s 1195 ae | [1394 _ | 3 18 1293/1273) 5 Sep.8¢| 5 Mar8i| 5 = lee 
Do, do convertibleat holder'sop 00 |1273)128}, ; | $ 13 6|1094/106;| 4 Sep.8f| 4 Mar | 2 Sep-8| 4 Marge 
Do5 % prefer. 1879—convertible .. {107 1094'106}/1094) 1084 105 | 96y| 2 Sep.8:| 3 Mar8¢| 2 Sep. * 4 Mars 
Do 4% prefer., 1884, conv, July, 100 |904x 104 98 ee een Sep.8t| 1} Mars 
. 8! ar 
4 ow sr oy atte! 344] 374, 348.88;4| 362 | ni_| a79/3144] 0 Sap.St| © MarSt| 0 Sep.81 1iMars 
~~ after 39 - to N’ Beitioh) — a 1203! 119 120 | 1209) 3 7 6 g]t204) 18 ‘Jules 44Jan 8(| 44luly8t) 44Jan.87 
orth Rastorn 2% dabentare stock = 132 | 2 132 |133 | 133) | 5 3 9 1834{130 4 Aug8! 4 Feb 8(| 4 Aug&) 4 Feb §7 
= debenture stock 44 % ............ ei 4 116 ‘114 ‘116 | 136 | $ 9 6 a ite 4pAug8d! 43Feb 8 pee | 4) sPeb 87 
4 L at ane eee eee - x f u eb $; 
Do batlise 4h Serres 10 i | | ay | 9 73 | | Benge! Feb | 5 Augst| 6 Fes 
De Stockton i "Darlington, A'5 9 100 {1644146 bi 166 oe sii ie | 4 Augs:| 4 Feb st 4 Angst ie 
6 Ic 115 * . Aug8t| o eb §7 
De West t Hartle ool 8% 3,152,747 100 a3 | gat can > 148 ee 0'1494)145 ae Poe a tanese| 4 Febs? 
e i & Darlington, D 54 % 535,000 100 8 110 Las 109 109 | 3 14 S112 1108 i‘ Car 4 Feb 8 | 4 AugSt) 4 Feb si 
De Hall sad Hornsea 4% ........ ine 100 tl \L12 }121 [212] 119 te = ill ; ‘ Ange 4 Feb 8t| 4 Augst| 4 Fo 
1; 5 | A) St) 6 9, 
Do Blyth and Tyne ae 10:7277080 100 [112 {114 | eee 1533! 1521 | 10 (1553/1509) 5yAugse _. bs ae : oe 
Do,1876,44% to Dec. 1382— Bk 25'812 88) 100 |1538'155 |1524 153 154%| 317 61 154) 154) 3 Jan.8| 3 July 
Do Norru- EASTERN Consois”, 139.4401 20 | 20 | 155 15 $8) 15g) 155) as niet $83en.87 
"Do Ghana aa re wee ve lis | iat} we lg 2 18 ABE for 8 {iG tor & [16 for #!| Jan Tuy 
leroi, redeema 17 s 16 tor 8/16 ey} allen & 
M2 % premiven| by drawings) .. asnaee » nlf 61j| 61i, 608 00% SoH ate ‘psi 13t'| ajdulys dgdan.8t 44JulySt| 4)Jan.8; 
MIE isis cclmmicnsplitenastinasit »2a 132 1133 }1 ‘ nail 
= mt ain fy imoreant, I — - ‘ hse 132 | $16 3/135 |131 | 4bAng8e — ‘kanssi| tieb 
rs aan sy 700,000 ae - a 122 | 124 | 8 14 sI195 | 21 | 4hAugsi an 7hAugst 7|Feb 87 
= oan © a “| 950,000 100 oni 1853 1824 185j| 183 | 4 O 9/1854)1774) 7hAngS8t| 74Fe | 
eerie Sa 100 |1824) | a 
tone 13 jL14 {113 | und | rag | 4 ts oltta {no | 6 tr nn Jan ai | 5 : Julyst| 5 Jan 
Northern Cen ° 77,200} ... {100 (113 415 3/108 |04 | 5 July8) 5 Ja gst 4 Feb3i 
thera a Uanaa 5% lec eotgnen|  S¢iamo) 160 [200 (108 1984 Melee to ar'| 4s $| 85 | 814) 4 Aug8i| 4 Febs : Oot | 6 Ap! 
Northern of Canada 5% Ist mo age 3 100 |100 | 824) 8 4) ; 96 | 92 | 6 Oct. 8! 6 Apl.8t| 6 Oc | nil since 
ual deb. stock 4% sneseceseces 425,850 95 95 92 | Bea 80 6 10 6 f : 1880. 24 -for 1882 | nl 
—— pref. bnds6%,irredeemable.|  100,000/ 100 a 574) 60 | 55 | 574) 584 | nil. | 60) 55 | 14% for ; | ita 
Do 6 % preference stock ............ 150,000 co 5 |e 0 108 |104 | 6 July8t| 6 Jan.8(| 6 July (| ; rg 7 
“Do Nrthn. Extsn. of Canada 6% bds. 500! 100 |100 |1044/105 |104 |104;) 105 | & e 103 104 6 July8?| 6 Jan. Bt} 6 JulySt | yer? 
gr. hy Hetha.of Canada, ine. at93) 117, zs 100 |1044|105 |104 ie 1044 | ye Bg | 14 | 3 Oct-85] 3 ApL8t| 3 Oct. (| 3 Ap 
Do, do 6 % Im nba bonds .. 34,4 “30 | 20 | 143 15 | 14 | 144, 14914 3 
Nrthn, ct teens % Py va pas by rr 13,277,660 | | | | Jan.8¢! 6 | 6 Jan.87 
c 6 % Ist mo ly85| 6 Jan. y8(| a 
bonds, redm. pat 10 tore 192 $45,509,000 100 ia 122 (120 i121 | 1214 bis e ale | 6 July a. x 6 ApLsy | 
or b drawings at ore 4 8698 | | 
Do 6 general’? 2nd mort. rly. $20,000,000; $1,000,1025) 107x109 |107 oI 1084 6 | 
are tg 058,000| $100 1024, 614) 634 | 304 oo SS a eased si 44Jan.87 
Ee arsed song SR een cereren+seences eaaeenen $100 102} ' oboe fr 30) 29 | 304) 304 | Bon 121 44July85 4}Jan. 8€ 4}. uly | ‘ 
E seasenvoonosenenss 100 ve | nel a dena 
N. Staffordshire—4} % debenture stk.| 1,831,691 | ss ae | 3 14 , 28 | 27 | 5 July85) 5 Jan. 8€) ; Ane 5 Feb 87 
guar. 5 % with proportion ot b 27 | 273) 27% 85| 5 Feb 8¢| 
e. profits to 6} % ............ a 132 |133 | 133 | 3 25 phos ae tpaugss 44Feb 8¢) 44AugSt es bgt 
eee 971,000 eran 19 | 17 (8 | n9 | 377 0 veb.8¢| 3 AugSt| 4 Feb | 
Deis Seon cae meee 660,000 oe | 9551 94 | 95 | BS | 314 3) 954] 91 | 3hAngSd) 4 Feb.st 
De ED Stock 3,200,000 100 eo | F » 8610 Angst 10 es 
=) mr lo%byLL&N.W.| ” 77 \281 eat | 281 | 282 | 3 21 6/282 |276 |10 Aug85/10 Feb 8¢) 7 7 Augst| 7 Feb 
ie, "Yorkshire) ...| 477,326 100 {tae {197 {198 |197 | 197 | 3 11 @)199 j194 | 7 eee hss eat 
cat an - 196 | .* 2 A 
DoB( -7% in perpetuity by do.) 231,875 = 6 1109 1108 | 109 | 108} | 5 12 3! os wd 1} for 1883) > for al ph 
North-West of Uruguay 6% deb. stock pes 100 | 73 73 70 | 70} 704 | 2 qj "| 59 | 49 nil. nil. | ni 
Do 6% Ist pref. stock..............4.., oe 100 51 48 | 48; 48 | nil, 31 ant 
Do 5% 2nd z oisnlinsetbhontees wei - “39 | 90 te ll = 124 ta | | ti ied 640ct. 8 | 63 sOct. 86 
Do OnpiInaRY Sunes ............... , i { Oct. 83) 640c 
lus i cee | coe | , 6 6 86 |} 
Norwegian Trunk 5% mint on} 225,000) 10) 10 " | ee | | q 5 Ine. $6) 5 i 
on net revenue ord. shares... os $1 ,000 1024) 94 96 | 94 06 | 95 | & 7 0, . 7 ‘1 j a — nil. 
is oy ¢ barman br 1024) sy 9 a 2) 32 | mic [38h 34) mt | ad | | agate 
PND Gai sasncsagusseis 3 | | 32 43Mar8i 
Do Onpinary SHARES............... § 20,000,000) $100 1024) 303) "| | ’ | val 13 | 43Sep, 85 Seater oe 4} er 2 5 Dec.86 
»& Guide Bridge (Lon- é 10 13x, 134,13 | 134, 135 | 3 1-9 6 1104|300 | 5 Dec.85, 5 4 ) § Novs6 
don,N.-W.,& Man. Sheff. & Linc.) 547 Iho '1104) 1094110 | 110} | 4 12 Otee” hao eG 
Ontario and Quebec 5 % perp. debaatck| 1,970, | aC 123 [121 122 | 120° | 4 16. 012 Fulys4 | nil since 
Do 6 % ital Stock Pes eenereeceseeese $2,000,000 : 108 103 6 Jan. 84 6 t ae oo) nil. since 
ae rsa a oeree , $5,036, 1024 pt 108s, 1084 oot ee ah = Oot 17 ' ie | nil. 
{ on m comp certs " $100 {102 204) 21 i il. 10 rl nil. " 
shares (assessment paid)/812,000, eal iol in | 10} 103) 10g | nil. | 12 aa. e | 
oye Gonos SHARES aidier paid)| $7,000 900) $100 102 a i | . | 5 May36 6 Nov86 
Ottoman (Smyrna to Aidin), guar bet | 6 Nev85! : 
secisial 102 6 May85 
event re saad se |. 10741114 2074'1103| 1103! 8 27 611114 102} 
Z bonds ............ 


—_ 


(ttom 
de 


| Palert 


j Pana 
Do 
! Paris, 
| Do 
| Do 
Do 
Paris 
Penn 
| De 











=o ae 








| 30, 1887. 


BRITISH, COLONIAL, AND FOREIGN RAILWAYS—Continued. 





———— nnn | 
toman (Smyrna to Aidin), 5 % 
debentures, 1910 (iss. in 1880} ie 
Do, do 1910(Seraikeny Extension).' 
Do, do 1910 (Tireh Extension)...... 
Do Saares (to bearer) 
Qude&Rohilkund 4%deben. ) guaran- 
Do 34 % debentures 
| Do 4 % debenture stock 
| Do guaranteed 5/,8tock } Govt. 
Palermo, Marsala, and Trapani 
! Panama Rail 7% gen. mort bnds }897| 
| DoG % subsidy bonds, 1910......... 
! Paris, Lyons, & Meditrn.—3% oblgtns. 
| “Fusion Ancienne ”—red. at par| 72,000,000 
Do3%obl.“Fusion Nouv.” — 
Do Paris-Lyons 5 %, redeem. at 50 
Do SHARES ...ccssecscetsveesecsercssrees 
Paris and Orleans shares 
en. mort.6% 
sink. fund mortg., 1905 
1905) $2 
Do 44 % gold bonds, 1918............ 
Do CaPiTAL Stock ($50 shares) ... 
Pennsylvn.Co.44% 1 mt gid bds, 192) 
Perkiomen ster. 6% con. mt. iss. 90% 
| Philadelphia & Erie6 % gen. mortgage, 
1920 (issued at 874) 
Philadelphia and Reading6 7% sterling 
consol. mort. 1 % sink. fund, 1911 
| Do6%sterl.imprv. bnds. 2% s. fd.,’97 
| Do6% gen. mort.,’74, 1908, Receipts 
| Doscrip for the 6 deferd. 4-coupons 
| Do cons. mort, bds., Ist series 
2nd series ...| $6,000,000} $1,000)! 
| Do Common Srock ($50 shs)Recpts|/$32,831,375 
| Do deferred income bds, Receipts..'$24,930,450 
‘Pittsburgh & Connellsville 6 7 sterlg 
| bnds. guar. by Balt. & Ohio, 1926 
‘Pittsburgh, F. W. & Chic. 7 % shs. 
| (gua. by Penns. Railroad)......... 
Porto Alegre & New ones 
vilian) 6 % debenture stock, 1907 
| Preston & W yre7/17/2% (4 Lancash. & 
York. & } London & N.-Western 
Do Halves, A, 7/ 17s 
Do preference 12/17/ 
}| Pro,Orl. Vitbsk.5%bs. 


teed by| 2, 


Indian 


Seen eeeereeteee 


red, 


eee eee eee eeenee 


eer ee eee eee eeneee 


Pee eee went ee eeeeenee 


eer er eeeenener 


Sete eee eweeoes 


HOO e eee ee eeneeeneee 


mrt.gld.bs.,1929} $5,000,000 


Seen eee eee eeeene 





Amt, | 
of (|Par. 
Share. 








100 | 100 


_ 


20 


& 





20 








eeel 


Bra- 


| 25 


tual... 
etual. 
548 by ussia 
y 1953 
| Quebec Central 5 % bet mortgage .. 
Recife & San Francisco (Pernambuco) 
54 % debentures redeem. at par.. 
Do CapirraL Srock (parts guar. 
!| for 30 and 90 years) 
}| Rhymney Perpetual 4% Deb. Stock... 
Do 6% preference, 1864 
Do Oxpinary Stock 
Riga-Dunaburg, guar. 44%, sinking 
fund included, by Russian Gov. 
|, for 75 years from 1858 ............ 
Rohilkund and Kumaon, Limited ... 
Ross and Monmouth 6 % pref. shares 
Do ordinary shares 
RoyalSardinian3%obl. A 
Do3% obligationsseriesB ............ 
Do 5% preference shares ............ 
ORDINARY SHARES 
Royal Swedish, Limited (Asstd. Pro- 
prietors in) debenture stock, 5% 
07% preference shares ............ 
0 ORDINARY SHARES 
Sagua la Grande 7 % obligations. 
t John and Maine 
St Joseph and Grand Island 6 % lst 
Mort. Gold Bonds red. 1925...... 37 
‘tLawrence& Ottawa6Y, str. Ist mort. 
Louis & San Francisco 6% Ist mort. 
(Missouri & Wstrn. divisn.) 1919} $1,100,000 
Do 2d mort B& Jo %atter 83 1906! $5,166,500 
07% (minimum) preferred ...... 
0 Common Stock 
StLouis Bridge7% 1st 
Do first preferred stock 
© 8:cond pref. stock (3 from It $4) 
leuse, leased to Grand 
Central, 54 % preference, further 
division after 54 % on old share 
ordinary shares 
aulo(guar.7 %on2,650,000/ until 
D 1948 by Brazil)5}% perm. deb.stk. 
0 SHARES 


FORO Oem e etme eee eee ewe eeeeee 





SBSERSE 








1024 
1025 
1024 
1024 





“20 | 20 | 42 





THE INVESTOR’S MONTHLY MANUAL. 








| ti 


100 100 | 99x;191 | 99 101 | 
96x: 99 | 96 , 99 | 
20 | 124 12§) 12 | 125 
100 | eee eee deo fF isce' | 
100 |107 107 |105 

100 1126 (128 /126 | 
20 | 174, 174) 17 | (17 
100 109 110 [107 
1024}2084)105 pora10 

| i 


20 | 15 | 153) 15 | 
154) 153) 15 | 
20 | 5451 2| 50} 51 
000} 20 | 20 | 53%! 533) 524; 53 

sterl.,1910} 2,781,600} 200 |100$)128q 131 \128) 131 
4,693,800} 200 LOO#!121 (1232/12) |123 
000,000) $1,000) 1024/1194 1255)1195 1254! 
| $6,000,000} $1,000! 1024)110 |L10 |109 110 | 
513) 604) 614) 603, 603 

10,000,000} $1,000} 1024 1038 
F Seem’ See 1003) 90 | 92 | 88 


| 
200 |1003|1274/129 1126 127 


ooo {1008/12 [122 121 1% 
200 |100%|109 
200 |1003 104 
oo ae 
,000)1024) 65 | 

024! 45 | 
514| 204! 24 | 20 
514 a 





1,300,000] 200 |100:|t29 1303 129 

} 
$19,714,285) $100 110231152 1534 15 
100 i100 jLOl 





100 }109 





os 


0 } 104 


00 [110 


4} 3} 
5; ¢ 


100 {106 
100 | 36} 


1023|110 
100 | 85 


1025|1195,122 
114 {114 {110 '110 


70 | 





323 





“* 11924)106 [107 
$100 |102}) 53 | 54 | 52 
i 
} j 
10 | 10 | 12 | 12§{ 113) 12} 228 | 
20 | 20 | 10 | 

100 |132 (182 











| PRICES OF THE Last yrs.|PRicEsor 














Rate per Cent. per Annum. 








‘Ele 








98 | 5 Sep.85) 5 
6| 99 | 96 | 5 Sep.85| 5 
5 Sep.85) 5 Mar 

15/ persh.|April, '75.)1 
| 4 Oct.85| 4 Apl 86 
. | 3}Oct. 85) 3$Apl 86, 340ct. 86 
4 Oct. 85) 4 Apl.86) 4 Oct. 86 
5 Jan. 86) 5 July86 
4 Apl.85; 420ct.854,Apl. 86 
107 | 7 Oct.85| 7 Apl.86| 7 Oct.86 
6 Oct.85; 6 Apl $6) 6 Oct.86 


143\ 3 July85| 3 Jan.86| 3 Julyse 
b 154} 15 | 3 Oct.85| 3 Apl.86) 3 Oct. 86 

5 Oct.85| 5 Apl. 86) 5 Oct. 36 
11 for 84|11 for 85)11 for 8¢|May,Nov. 
ll}for 84\ll}for 85/I1}for 86)Aprl.,Oct. 
6 Jan.86| 6 Julys6} 6 Jan.87 
6 Jan.86| 6 July86é 
6 Dec.85| 6 Jne. 86 
| 44Mar86, 44Nov86 


| 
| 
| 





















124 {1183 6 July85 
01255117 | 6 JuneSS 
G 111 |108 | 44Sep.85 
6; 614} 555 6 May85| 4 Nov85 
4) July85| 44Jan. 86 





Cote Na bates O? 


Ce m& b© 








S 


125 | 6 Julyss 


(17 6 Dec.84 
110 (104 | 6 Oct. 85 
1063)102 | 6 July83 
6 Jan.§5; 5 July85 





msm hm M™ 


: See 











.. |Last div. 10 % Jan. 
No dividend | 


6 July85| 6 Jan.86 











mM 


be 








is 


(03 | $8 | 6 MaySé 


533! 7§Sep. 85 73Marse! 74Sep. 86 
264) 7i8e5.85 7iMar86| 74Sep.86| 74Mar87 
895| 87 |12{Sep.85|123Mar86|12{Sep. 86) !2§ Mar87 
(; 96%] 913] 5 Oct.85| 5 ApL86} 5 Oct.86| 5 Apl.87 
174} 5 Oct.85| 5 Apl. 86) 5 Oct. 86 
5 Jan.86| 5 July86 


54$Jan.86| S4July86 


6 May86| 6 Nov86 


\53gx) 54 | 
94) 124) 27x| 278) 
87 4x! 88 | 
95 | 963 
20 | 18 
100 |100 | 31 |: 





Qn Ce Ce Ce > ws ww 
: eS ak ee 
e Sb Co Ss 


¢}102 }100 | 54Julyse 


(1048/1003; 540ct. 85) 5$Apl.86; 5}Oct. 86 
4 July84; 4 Jan.86 
6 AugS8é| 6 Feb.86 
(183 /155 10 Aug85|10 Feb.86 


MiteteD 


pt ote the be ache 
“A 


104 |1044 1003101 
'1103/109 {110}; 111 
1544157 152 |1544 149 
165x/170 


bh be 
Axo S 








cp 


15 | 155 145) 15 | 6) 16}; 143) 480ct.85) 43Apl.86 
100 101 | 99 100 | 100 101 | 99 sae Fe ae 

Shing aoa 6 Feb.86| 6 Aug8é 
7 ek % for 85, 0 AugSé 
3 Oct.85| 3 Apl. 86 
| 134) 123) 3 July84| 3 Jan.86 
¢} 113) 103) 5 July85| 5 Jan.86; 5 July 
| 103{ 108! 5 July85| 5 Jan.86| 5 July86| 5 Jan.87 


111 }106 |5,5, May85/5,5, Nov85|5,5, MayS86é 
| 38 V1 . y wail, nil. 


ts. Os 
Bi 








mo RBRwRmD 


135) 134! 13 | 13x! 13 
ttyl 1g, 1 1114 
114) 11y) 114 

| | 103) 104) 104) 10; 





bea Ba 
m Knees t 





ba 


4 
4 Rs ; Pe 
t y rang % as Be fy 
a Se Sree nae ot . i S x 
. a ee ee eee ee ee oe : = 
f » * aes — 
dice 4 my ~ s " a ‘ P rs 
- whe ag pt Tae ¥ nial oh - “i ae 
» oad rar S Ae _ ea se are r a 5 Pome a 
e - “e a ¥ Pa 
| ie a ee” ae Bo eins od e ee . 





111 |108 ‘08x! 1105 | 


8. 
=~ 


F 





7 May8€} 7 Nov86 


6 3 
107 |100 | 7 May85| 7 Nov85 
: 4 1 Jne.86} 1 Dec.86 


43 | 30)| 1 Jne.85; 1 Dee.S5 








AD D& 





ba 

















6 Aug86| 6 Feb.87 
6 MayS6| 6 Nov86 


me 


117 | 6 Aug85) 6 Feb.86 
6 May85| 6 Nov85 


Ame BA BH 








= 


a4: a ae 





7 Oct. 85| 7 Apl.86 
107 {104 | 6 July85| 6 Jan. 86) 6 July86 
54 | 52 | 3 July85) 3 Jan.86) 3 July 


& 





135x/130$/135 ,136 





Arn ® 
be 





4 124) 114) 5$July85 


~ 


Seats om 


54July86) 54S 
2 Apl.s6| 2 Nov8é) 2 Apl.87 


am We 


4J 54J 
6! 434! 39412 Oct. 8520 Apl.86i10 Oct. 





















ad 


GiB} Denes Mase: a 


= a 































THE INVESTOR'S. MONTHLY MANUAL. | 


__ [April 30, 1867, 
BRITISH, COLONIAL, AND FOREIGN RAILWAYS.—Continued. 


iinecbiiehd idiehedabialiscibeeeirmntincnecpresmeseonn 
Last yrs. |PRICESOF —————__ 












PRICES OF THE 





















| CaPITaAL. _ MonTH. — yld. Aiccasddll Divipenps. 
RAILWAYS. Amt. ¥ i | ness [*t Latest 3 it Last Four. 
Subscribed| of | Par. to Rate per Cent. per A 
” Share. = 5 Done. PerCent i * Interim. funn 















wa 





deJaneiro6 % debents. 
“en Denalion ge on taolen y 1905...) 600,000) 100 |100 |109 hoo \L06 107x) 
Do 6 % deb., ond series, red.b 1906} 164,200; 100 (100 109 O34 [106 O7x 






a ale | 
107 | 5 7 91094106 | 6 Oct.85| 6 Apl.86) 6 Oct.86! 6 
1065 | 5 8 8 109" 106 | 6 Oct. $5) 6 Apl86) 6 Oct.86 8 Ale 








fos = | 

























Shrewsbury& Hereford6 7 rent charge 


e 


6 Aug85| 6 Feb.86| 6 Aug86| 6 Fehs; 


~r) si... (ee tt. | 

Scinde, Pun., Delhi, Ann. “A,”-1958..| £59,918 | ae OTD oat 
Do 12 (less 1/88 Sinking Fund } pas £148,650 334) 24" | 239) 24) 24 | 24 | ay) ms | 1 Deck 

e 

OTT ied bik auhiaiene dock oe 75,000)... 1" 112 }108 ue oa : 13 os inn ; cae Feb 86| ‘ Aug86) 4 Febs . 
Do 4 &% debenture ea coiicaailed = z _ 78 10 | 4 124 42} o | 474| 40 % y eb.86, Augéé) ‘ Feb. De 
De yretevence stoc “RZ? 107,467 | ‘ > j . | 174) 174 ‘ei 244) 15 . | sa | De 
=~ = Eee 298,269] 0} 8) 9) 8 | ai. | wer oo | om Wt 
Do ORDINARY STOCK.........-..00065 167,348 =i "I 4) 5| 5 6, 4 : ye oe 

} 
00. 


‘a eos ps vee | 
a i 




















































































































































Lon. & Nth-West.&G.Westn.| 625,000 00 /1644}1654 hoa a 
Doth % proterense crn vr 50,000 | vm | ve | oe | AAugS6) A4Feb 86) hAng8O) AUREL 
| | * 
Sapuen © Vameke, ES et ON cso! ee 1034 103g 1024 aa 1033 | 4 76 91033) 983)... | 5 Jan. 2 5 July86, 5 Jans > 
redeemable debentures »| A ’ D 
Do 7 % preference ........sssvssee 125,000) 20 | 20 | 269, 28 | 265) 278) 5 5 6) 28 | 26 | 7 Jan.85) 7 July85) 7 Jan 86 7 Oct. ap 
Do 7 * NN a cans 393,740; 20 | 20 | 25 | 26} ee, 2 248 — “| — . 7 _— 7 ore i 7 86) 7 % i }D 
10: 1 ni ni ae | 
Seay amie cia 83, apooe| 2° lo hod jdt [i hd | wig) 3"9 6104 ho agit! sie + Shap oe aa 
: Do OnpENARY STOCK ...........05000+: 534,194)... 100 | 5 | 6; 4); 6 | ni | ni | vil, | 
a teal nee 927,600] £200 100 112 113 |112 Mie 113 | 4 16 91113 |109 | 6 Oct.85| 6 Apl.86| 6 Oct. 86 6 Apls _ 
i Sth. ‘Austrian 3% oblig. red. in 90yrs.| 66,438,160} 20 | 20 | | 12j|12 Qyej 12 | 12h) - | 4 6 6) 123) 114) 2pJuly85| 2hJan.86) 23JulyS6, 28Jan, Sn 
Do3%, oblig. 1871 (series X) red.1969) 15,000,000} 20 | 20 | 12%) 128) 119) 12 | ! 14 7 4) 12%) 113; 2gOct. 85) 2RApL.S6 2Z0cr. 86) 28Ap. SMM p 
as 15,000,000; 20 | 20 78) 78) 7a Th. ?16 $, 8%) 74) 1 May$3) 1}May84) 1#May8: 1 May$¢ i Wer 
S.- East, Lon. & Grnweh, 4% deb ath 131,260)... {100 [114 {115 [113 114 | 114g | 3 17 5116 [113 | 4 Jul y85| 4 Jan.86) 4 July86, 4 Jan. 
Do perp prt 222.720) ... | 1394)... | +. Ey 1393 | 3 13 dram 5 Oct. 85) 5 Apl.86) 5 Oct. 86) 5 Aplé | D 
Do one rdinary, { eae | We 
1,540; ... (|100 | 72 | 73/71 72 | 316 6 73) 70 | WJuly85; 2Jan.86, 2July8t 2}Jan.$7 IW 
pte lard at 6,000 per ant. *48,000) ORL cad sce | sis i” Bc kes ss 1 4 July85) 4 Jan.86| 4 July86 4 Jan8i r 
j ae i, seat 66,000) sci EE coe | ve et a | a be ... | 4 July85) 4 Jan.86) 4 JulyS6, 4 Jan.87 1 
se Do debenture stock, 4% ..........:. 870,720, ... (100 ‘118 |119 7 119 | 1183} 8 8 3/120 [117 | 4 Julys5) 4 Jan.86 4 July86 4 JanS7 yp 
o 5 eo | 4,342440| _.. (100 143 (146 [143 146 | 146 | 3 9 0/146 [142 | 5 July85| 5 Jan.86| 5 July86, 5 Jan.S7M we 
Betting ews iag| SON) ag kar as | aah | 2 doa at rave hvac habe ey 
i i ihe } } ) an.d) Ri 
Do consolidated £4 2 preterence.-| 217006801 (200 (124 [125 (i24 195 | 124g | 3 22 6138 [128 | Abyuly5) 4hJan.86) 4iJoljs $i) 
Do consolidated 5 % preference .. 2,640,370| naa |100 138 139 (137 38 138 | $13 7 1139 | (137 | 5 July85; 5 Jan. 86) 5 July86 5 Jan.87 IW 
Do 4 % Vested Companies stock ... 431,000, ... 100 109 |110 |108 |109 118} 874 6111 108 } 4 July85) 4 Jan. 86) 4 July$6, 4 Jan. hy 
~ ORDINARY STOCK ..........0200000. 3,152,470) .. |100 |130 1314130 (130 | 1314 | 4 1 C1314 1243) 3 Aug85| 6}Feb.86) 3;Aug86 73Febsi [ 
referred ordinary 6%...........- | 2878,870| ... |100 149 |150 |149 [151 | 1504 Hf 0 O\151 147 | 6 Aug85| 6 Feb.86| 6 AugS6 6 Feb ; 
Do heferred ord.—div. after pref... 2,878,870| ... |100 1103/1143)1084109 | 108% | § 2 6113 | 949/ 44Feb.84) 32Feb.85) 3] Feb.s6 eee 
Do new, 1882 (34 till 1887) ......... | 445,345)... (100 (124 |126 1124 (126 | 125 | 2 15 6126 |120 | 3}Aug 85) 34 Feb.86) 34AugS6 3}Feb.87 
Southern Braz. Rio (6% deb. stock.| 885,476)... gy (100 ‘119 {119 ata ies aoe a Sanat! ¢ Aekee 7 Oct 8 ee 
Grande do Sal .. ORDN. guar. i 7 hi 600,900 | 224) 223) A | 212 ; | 6 8 7) ' ct. S| Pp . | j Ccu.O0) jf - phoi Wi 
Southern Mahratta, Limited guar. Pa ae | | 
4% till 1889, then 3 % and 4 ES | | | | aes | | “4 Dec Simm 
MITE sccestshicneis secneshecocsben | 3,000,000; 100 100 |103 | 107" 103 106 1068 | | 3 16 +1044 1014 4 Jne.$5| 4 Dec.85) 4 ‘ oes . + AnlSi Za 
Do 4% deb, stock ......:...-csere+0-: | 1,200,000) Stock |100 |107 10 . $i6 GNOTZ105 |... : 
at Bs é : 86, 3 JulyS6 3 Jan.67 = 
snr Sh i) AS) 2 | etal tu te) ah | 4's a dey 3 oP ae fn 
South Indian 44 % perpet. deb. stock "425,000 100 | 115 116 115 116 | 317 117 4 apJuly85\ 44Jan.86) 4) July86 “Adan, 8] 
Do fs) by In 168,964 1100 |119 | 119 | 119 410 | 4QJuly85| 4jJan.86) 4jJulys6 4ian. 
buenos 68, , 1 | 86, 5 July86! 5 Jan.87 r 
Do guaranteed 5 , ah erEcaee 3,040,884 ee | 1127 | ro = 1128 | o 1319 O 30 iss 5 July y85) Sp Apl 86 Seis Dapl8l 
South Italian, 3% obligs (Italian tax)! 117,442,220) 20 124) 12§ 129 12gx i428 | 128, 28Oct. 85) 28Ap : 
8. Pacific of California 6 % 1 mt. 1905-6)$29,520,000 1024114 116 114 116 | 1158 | 4 14 a 1134, 6 Oct.85| 6 Apl.86, 6 Oct.S6 6 ane 
Swedish Central, Lim., 4% deb. stk..| "323,833 100 |100 | 74 | 75 74 | 75 | 742 | 5 6 9 76 | 724| 4 Sept85) 4 Mar86) 4 Sep.86 4 Nir 
De & % pref. IE oscsdniesonseoscopes 216,100) 100 |100 | i 164) 17 17 | 162) nil. | 174) 16} = | = = Da ( 
CI Le i acitlen tsb) 165,000} 10 | 10 | J see | one Jos | PO Mar# 
Taff Vale, Aberdare(gua. 10% 50,000! 50 50 | B ie Rear eel eds | lat eae | vee | ae (10 Sep ove Mar85\10 Sep. 85,10 ae a 
. | | i 85 53S 54Mar$ 
Do 47 debenture tsk eilspen 482 300 a. aa vid Widynid 194) 1195 | ¢ 72 6113 hai S1Sep 84 a yan. 86) 1 yalys6 4 Jan 8] A 
Do5%and propor.of further profits} 165,000}... /100 |235 1235 2314/2314) 2314 | 4 17 3/235 aay 15 Oct 85/12 Apl.86 11}Aug 861] Apt A 
Do 5% preferential stock sevnialaidens 300,000, ... |100 1134 (135 |133 134 | 134 | $15 6135 1305) 5 July85, 5 Jan.86, 5 JulyS6 : Jan.81 4 
Do 6 % preference stock ............ 300,000... (100 |158 |159 157 (158 | 158 | 317 $159 155 | 6 July85| 6 Jan.86 6 JulySe Fest 4 
Do Onpisary Stock ............... 1,403,300| ... {100 [231 [231 (227 227 | 227 | 419 0231 [215 \15 1 12 Feb.86 pagans 89 Novs6 : 
Taltal, Limited, ordinary shares ....  307,7 5| 5| Sf 4) 3§) 32 33 or 3 4 : 
| | | | | | ; 
Tamboff-Kozloff 5 % Gr. Ln, by Pro- ea ied eo | | 4 
vinces of Kozloff. & Tamboff, | i | 7 5 Jan.86) 5 Saly86 5 Jan.87 A 
i an. 


issued at "a %, redeem. by 1953 320,000 


5 July85 
Tasmanian Main Line,5 % guar. — 


100 | 77h 203 76 | 80 . 





moo sa 
i 





(iawned at 924) eth BRS 650,000} 100 |100 | 87 | 87 | 86 | 86x) 865 | 4 13 0 91 | 924) 4 July36 4 Oct. 86 4 Jan.$7| 4 Apl.87 
Do 6 % preference stock............... | 243.3501 100 \100 | 174) 20 | 15 we tet a | 224 15 | ; 3 Jne.86 I 
UN GLI. cascossviicssssssdessseeces | $1,100,000) $500 $100, 14 | 14 | 13) 14/ 13 sds | 13 | nil. nil. | 2 Nov85 4 Jan] 
Toronto, Grey & Bruce, 4 % Ist mort. 410,000; 100 ‘100 | 86 | 87 | 86 | $7 | 87 12 0 $7) 84 | 2hJuly85) 4 Jan.86) 4 « Juss 6 Jan.87 
Tannel Rail. of St oman 6% $1,250,000 $100 | |100 110 112 108 ‘110 1094 | 1 @ll2 100° 6 ~—" 6 Jan.86 6 July 
ge oe ar a ge8 | 86 8} Ap|.87 
(coups 8 5s Od) ed. byis96atii0 500,000} 200 1009 19551254 1295 1224) 124) 9128 |1224) $40ct. 85 Stele 840ct oe 7 Aplol 










Land Grant Ist mort., 1 


De 69 Ist m e, 1896-9 ...... 
Do $100 en ie 


$4,670,000'$1,000 '1024 100x!103 100 1103 | 109 


D. 
7,229,000 1,000 |1025) 120 (122 \118 |120 | 119 9120 116 | 6 July85, 6 Jan. 86 6 July ic vil since 








4 

5 

6 14 8 ; 

5 17 61094100 | 7 Oct. 85! 7 Apl.86! 7 Oct. 86 7 a 87 
3 15 

4 

4 


slits ininibip-anibonast 868 100 |102 644) 60} 634) 63 os 56}| 7 in 82 | 7 in 83 87 
United N. Jersey CaL&RL6%stl. 1894; ‘869,200, = ezd 04 44 100" 110 | Lo. suis" sla 6 Sep.85| 6 MarS6 6 “Sep. . 6 are 
Do goof? 4% 190 600,000, ... 100 |117h 122 1174/20 | 122 | 4 $ 9122 1174) 6 Sep.85| 6 Mar86 6 Sep-OY © Ty 
Varna—3 % obligations.................. 1,100,000, 20/20) 4% 5 (| 44 43) 43) nil. | SE 4), nil | nil = nil. 

Do 6 % obligations..................... 216,000, 12/12) 44 44 4) 431 45) nil. | 44) 32 nil | _ nil hare, Nov. 1874. 


Do Suarzs, g.5%red. before 1964...|  900,0001 20 2 | 34 3 | wih | 83 divd. 25/ per § 
Wuduhesty, Aeeogees, 208 ea | + ¢) 3) Bi Sy%| nil. 35 2 last oa / P ost. 68 


| pl, 8 
6 % prior lien mort, gold bonds) $1,000,000) $1 000 1025 11% 1125, 1084 110x/ 108 | 5 9 olla 3083 we] 
’ 5 








{ 


oe 
TEU Ee ee neanS gia ON 
nn NL wae . 



























— 





———— 


_April 30, 1887.| THE IN VESTOR’S MONTHLY MANUAL. 165 







BRITISH, COLONIAL, AND FOREIGN RAILWAYS---Continued. 































PRICES OF THE Last yrs. |PRICESOF| 
CaPImraL. | Monta. Taos — yld.| 1887. | DIVIDENDS. 
‘tor } 
RAILWAYS. Amt. © | - ‘prac 3 Last Four. 
Subscribed) of |Par| $ | 2 E|3 Done | Price. | 4, E | Rate per Cent. per Annum. 
Share. Olm|s 4 ==] | * Interim. 



















ae ——— | - , 
Vator Se tntk Dow eh cachet, 132,322} ... {100 {125 |...) ... 125 | 195 ie Nabil tam 4}Jan.86| 44July86, 44Jan.87 
ROLE acl Geet cs hehe | ee ee Sis | siJaly85, 44Van.86) 4iJuly96) 4bJan. 87 
Wabash, St Louis,& Pac.gen.mrt., 1920 : are Fi - y | an.86| 9 July86| 9 Jan.87 
ne Se Deus ends oer omen oy | ao | ay | SE [SIS 2 | cl |S Se at sine 







Do$100pref.sharecerts.(assest. pd )'$22,615,100 — 1024 504 7e 73.| 95 | 7” 73 nil, | 3841 44 6 Oct. $1} nil since 































































Do OnDINARY SHARE eerts. do {$22,909,700 1024) 18 | 38}/ 304) 36} 36 nil. 5 No |dividend| ever 
Waterford & Centl. Ireland 5 % debstk 140,718 ... (100 11038 m4 18 | a | 418 es 5 < 5 Jan.86} 5 July86; Sen 87 : 
Do6 % preference stock ............ 196,885} ... {100 = bal iy 593 | 6 13 6) 70 581) 4 Jne.85 4 Dec.85) 4 Jne.86) 4 Dec.86 i 
| Do ORDINARY STOCK .................. 250, «. |100 3 | nil, i}: be ni. =—sénti nil, nil. ( 
Pebg Waterturd & Liznerick 44% deb. stock 364,647; ... |100 0b 1064) 1042) ses /105 |4 6 slat a = 4} July86; 4$Jan 87 
rebel Do 4 % debenture stock .......... 119,214) ... {100 my 97 | 974] 974 | 4 3 4 4| 984/ 96 July85) 4 Jan.86| 4 July86) 4 Jan 87 f 
mC be 4h perpetual re 1860.. 337,900} ... |100 | 843 | 84h 84515 6 9)... & tiSep .85 44Mar86| 44Sep.86, 44Mar87 if 
an, 8? De £ i % preference, 1860 ............ 318,950; ... (100 ih Zig 71 : a | 71 | 5 22 p 734) i 4 Sep. 85, 4 Mar86) 4 Sep.86; 4 Mar87 ee 
et, 84 Dod % eeferences 1872. 3[redinbl. ] 144,075; 50) 50 | a Ts 40 16 5 O 5 Sep.85, 5 Mar86| 5 Sep.86 5 Mar87 43 
ot. Sl, DO ORDINARY SHARES | beccssccnediues 597,550! 0 | 50 | 8 i BB yee] 12 | 10 | 2 Mar85, 0 Sep.85) ¢ Mar ¢ Mar87 y E 
il | DoAthenry&Tnam(leas’dtoW.&L.) 90.000; 10 10 ‘i "5 | 5 810 0 & | 4%) 0 May85. 14Nov85| 14May8€} 14Nov86 a 
Not, 86 | Waterford and Tramore ............... 48,000 10 e 49 48 | 212 6... (> 6 Mar85 0 Sep.85; 0 Mar86) 24Sep.86 ay 
| Welling., Grey, & Bruce of Can.7% Ist ‘| . 
| mrt. bds.(leas.byG.W.of Canada)} —532,000| 100 |l. | 99 1100 | 99 100 | 100 14 1 0100} | 97 33July85 4 Jan.86| 32July86)4,Jan.87 2, 
edingee 5 See ee 1908 360,000) 100 |10% |102 11063) 102 106 | 106} | 4 11 0/1064 99 | 5 Jne.85 5 Dee.85) 5 or 5 Dec.86 e 
} West — 4 & prop. of pr’fitstill | | | | E 
1902, whn. samediv,ason orig. shs. 140,000, 10 10 124! 13! 12 123) 1939/4 8 013 103, 5)May85 a By May$6 Neves Ss 
| Do ORDINARY SHARES ............... 324,872 on! si 11} 123] 11 | 11g) 11g) $ 12 0) 12 | 10$/8",May85 5 Nov85 5 May Nov 86 | 
| Western of France 3 % obligations... 7, 732, 120) 154 154) 15 | 153 15 |318 9 154 15 3 Jan.86, 3 July36 " Pie eo 
| Do3 % obligations, 2nd series ...... 1,937,960, 20 | | 30 i a | 3 Oct. 85, 3 ApL 36, 3 Oct. 86) 3 Apl.87 
Do BRARMD a eipiS iiss cde cca siesne 6,000,000 20 | 20 | 358 358) 34,5, ‘343, 34,%,| 4 6 9 358 343, 7ifor 84) 74for 85) 74for 86) Apl, Oct 
} Western of San Paulo] % debs., 1898 146,900; 100 |100 ‘114 |114 00g;110x; 1094 | 5 26 slie 112 | 7 Oct. 85 7 Apl.86) 7 Oct.86; 7 Apl.87 
|West Lancashire perm.5 % deb, stk.| 229,126 He | = is a 5 Jne.85| 5 Dec.85 5 Ine.86, 5 Dec.86 
| Do5% 1st preferred shares ......... 232,500) 10/10) 231 24) 2 | “$y | ni. | 2) 2] nik | nik | mil. nil. 
| Do 2nd 5% preference shares ...... 300,000) 10/10 . Bo ee nil. jis | oil. .i- ah). ah nil. 
| Do ORDINARY SHARES ............... 155,000! 20 | 20 2 24) 2 | 2 23 | nil. 24 “1p! nil, | nil, | nil nil. 
| We.- Lon.,A34%g. byL.EN. -W.&G.W. 64,000 20/20... “a vee | wee | eee | 3$AugS5| 35Feb.86; 34Aug86) 34Feb.87 
Do, C 2 106,760, 20 | 20 | ae ap i. a. | 2 Aug85 2 Feb.86) 2 Aug86} 2 Feb.87 
| West Shore Ist mort, 4% gtd. bonds/$37 ,000,000 $1,000 | 1024 1065: 107 106 | 1064) 8 15 9107 (106 | | .. | & duly86) 4 Jan.87 
| Do do Registered ............... $13,000,000 $1,000 1024 1065 107 |106 /1065 $15 9107 106 - | 4 July86) 4 Jan 87 
| Wymth.& Portld.(lea. toG. W.& S.-W) 75,000, ... [100 4sAng85 44Feb.86 44Aug86| 4}Feb87 
| West. of Buenos Ayres 6 % bds.1902} 1,837,300) ... /100 112 1 idy 110 112 1123 | 4 17 6 1124 110 6 Oct.85\ 6 Apl.86 6 Oct.86, 6 Apl.87 
Do registered certificates ............ 211,880/ ... (100 [112 (113 109 |1114/ 113 | 5 7 E113 109 | . Oct.85| 6 Apl.86 6 Oct. 86} 6 Apl.87 
Do 5 % a debentures ...... £1,240,000, ... 100 99x! 101 | 99 (101 1003 5 0 01013 973. a 5 Mar86) 5 = 86; 5 Mar87 
West of India Portuguese, Limited...| 600,000} 20 | 20 204 203) 203) 205' 204 | 417 9 21 204} 5 July85| 5 Jan.86) 5*July86) 5 Jan.87 
Do 5 % debenture stock ............ 500,000! ... |100 110 ya i110 or) lll | 410 O13 109) 5 Jan.86) 5 July86 5 Sep.86| 5 Jan.87 
Whitby, Red. & Middles, Un. iss.at68}} 250,000, ... (100 ie 9 | mil, | oil {| oil | oil nil. 
Windsor & Annapolis B 4% deb, stck.| 200,000; ... |100 723| 70 | 70x’ 69) |5 14 3 3 724 66 | 4 Oct. ~ 4 Apl.86, 4 Oct.86| 4 Apl87 
% preference shares ............ 200,500; 20 20. ... 3 64>: Ss ig 3) 
Pp ares 500 m 43 ; 44Mar85| 44Sep. 85) 44Mar86\ 4 Sep.86 


et 
| 
Witty... .scarsidaccicetcvebe aves. akcasid: 37,321; 10/10 a 






























































Zafra and Huelva 3 % bonds ......... eet * |; 20 | ‘oa ll 103 iog 105 df ss 1 104, Interest ‘payable H Jan. and |l July 
BANKING COMPANIES. 
oa EE 5 a. scaccsieeheeeibaiaeanenaianned 
PRICES OF THE | Last yrs PRICESOF b 
CaPITAL. eal MonTH. | Las — 1887. IVIDENDS. 
nvestor 

NAME. me! f a Busi ” lat a? 3 Last Four. Resrv. & 4 
Number z | |S ‘Do | P 4 = | Rate % per Annum, including Bonus. Bince.aft is: 
(* Uapitalised from profits} of Shares. of Shares. shore, “S| 218 3 | | Done. erGent = * Interim. Last Div. cet 
ah ip eo |£ s d| a ~ e 
Adetphy, Limited ........... 13,011, 10/125 | 12% 124 12h 13 | a 33 rr ee 6 ApL 86 tOct 86 3 AnL Sy 6327 Bae 
aes ance, Lined Siuabiabads, 30000, 25 | 10 | 124 13" 193 13" 138 3 | 134| 124] 7 Aug85| 64Feb.86| 64Aug86| 7 Feb.87| 235,000 te 
1 a WII. isc iaccs. 80,000, 0 | 123 ie +) 6| 9118 | 5 MayS4| 5 May85| 5 May86| 5 May87, 135,000 ie 
1 Angi Austrian (P.Curmey.| 150,000 2006 1206) 8) 84) 8) 8 | 02 | 2 27 std] 104] 7*8ep-83) 7 Mar86| 7°Sep.86] 7 MarS7| 93,488 eee 
6 A angio. Californian, Limited; 29,970 20 | 10 | 104) 11 ‘| 10) a ui 7 5) 114) 194) Segoe. 85] 5 Dec.85| 5*Jne.86| 4 Dec.86| 21,204 a 
Anglo Foragn Banking’ 80,000 2. | 7 1) 7 9 | "8 9 | 8} 16 6 3 of 83/675 for 83/6; for 84/6,'; for 85 74 for 86; 95,936 H : 
1 igo. ee Jémited ae 3 10,000; 6) 6 4 545 6 | 58 O 0| 64| 54/44 for 83/5 for 84) 6 for 85) 4 for 86, 4,356 | ‘ 
n, Staleybridge, Hyde, | bad Feb.86|10 Aug86|10 Feb.87| 20,230 i 

- and Glossop Lam. ...... 12,500) 4|\ 6 seo. 64 G 13 4) 154) 149/16 Aug85/10 Fe ug i 

Australian Joint- a "500) . | 154} 155 9 O| 154| 143/124Aug 85|124Feb.86|124 Aug 86}125Feb.87) 280,000 a 

an Joint Stock Jiruone 62,500) | 8 154} « = | on ot Si | * nit SE tO) tor share, Malrch, 1883, | 4 Mar87 2574 


+e 


: 104 | 99 |15 Oct. 85 15 Mar.t 615 Oct. 86/15 Mar.£7 920753 


ies , 63) 54 

k of Australasia ......... | 40 |100x/1035100 103 , 1034 | 6 1 

: k of Bolton, Lim. ae 26.920, | 84/134 ‘ 13 | 134) 138 | 4 17 3| 133) 129) 74JulyS5 74Feb.86 74 July 86 ie Si} 8,175. 
A shares 5| 9| 94 87| 9] 98 3| 9y| 84) 74July85| 74Feb,86) 74July ae a 

, Do B shapeaca.., : 15,000, 81} 5| 54) 4% 5| 6 6] 5g] 44] 2gJuly85) 2hFeb.86 24J uly86 3 ; 

Bank of re oe 12,500 | 20/| 28 | 29 | 28 | 29 | 28 5% iat 6 JulyS0)10 Maree) O oat Jen 8s 
new (issued at 2 pm.) 12,500) 10 | 14 142! 14 | 144) 143 3\ 143) 13 6 July85|\0 Mar86| 6 July86 an. 


50 | 69 | 694] 67 | 69x, 694 | 
6) 5| 5 5!) 5] 5s 
29 29 


Mh Bh he 


WWM AHOHOwWAOOMwWND 


9| 70 67" 6 for 83} 6 for 84| 74 for 85| 74 for 86, 221,810. 
i ‘ 5 | 9 for 83} 6 for 84| 6 for 85) 3 for 86, 175,850. 
9} 20 28 | 5*AugS8d|ll Feb.86, 5*Aug86| 9 Feb.87) 89,186. 

294 |10 Oct. 85| 9$ApL86) 940ct. 86|10 Apl. 87/3,031,905 


er of British N. America} 20,000) 
- | 
Bank of F mercy | 100,000) 


S 
& 
fesseusesssss end 











Cr St Ha Com ea a meRe& AD Sorcenees 














Bank of Eng See eeeesceseese 10,000) 2 x/297 294 298 | 296 0'299 

Bank of Ireland Tran, Grey, ieee Stock, 100 [275 (276 [2743276 | 276 oj201 278 |12 July8s 10 Jan. 861 Julye6 10"Jan.87| 323589 
K of Liverpool, Limited] 60,000, 100, 125) 324) 834) 326 323) 328 9) 334) 33418 JulyS5 Oram Sill JncS6llO Dec.861,338°350 

Bank of Montreal 60,000, $200 41 $496)... |... | -.. | ol... | . [LL Jne.85/10 Dec.8511 Jne.86\10 Dec.86)1,338, 

Bank of New South; Wales! 62500 "20 | 20 |°68 | 673, 66 | 67 | S78 6! 674 674174 May85 174Nov 85)174May86}174Nov 86) 748,900 

Bank of New Zealand .... 100,000; 10 10 | 24 | 244) 234 24 | 24 3{ 244| 234115 May85)15 Nov85|12}May86|12}Nov86| 636,00@ 

























































ae 








| 


nese eS eC cat nt att tr 





























' { i 


- THE IN VESTOR’S MONTHLY MANUAL. | (April 30, 1887 
ei aan resreeannes eon 
take BANKING COMPANIES—Continued. 
x2 Pricks oy THR ; jLastyrs.Pricrsor, = # = 
: Capital. Sh rT | | ma yld.| 1887. Divipenns, 
r i Preneneeenanerisilicr te nvestor |———_—_—_- | —————_ ——____ —____ ___ Hibachi 
: ss at Lates Last For , 
% nada oll vot |Paw. rid) § | Some Price. z/ Rate per Cent. per. Annum. Be 

{*Capitalised from p. pete.) 9 a ela Per ice, a <  aamading Bonus. * Interim. Poms 
4 boot ee ee ed rs a oa Se . er | t 

eae s di 
Mees ; | | ~ £ 
he f Roumania............ 50,000 20; 8| 6) 64 53. CG $1613 S| 7 64 0 for 84) 5 for 85) 5 for géiJ: = 

3 Reahies Genial tiie £.1,250,000) Stock.|100 [321 321. 31443154, x5} 4 3 9 314) 14 Oct, 85,14 ApL8614 Oct. 8614 Avis 123° 

Ne | Bank of South Australia, L.|  " 32,000) 95 | 25 | 27 | 288 27 a1ya 28 5 9 0 BL | 25 10 May85'10 Nov 85 6 May86, 6 Novs6, 991 
ee Bank of Victoria ............ 20,000 50) 25 | 37 38 37 | 38 | 37h | 6 7 38 | 36 10 Aug85 10 Feb.8610 Aug86 10 Feb.s7, ]57'5 

oe 5 Bank of Westmoreland...... 2,140) - 12} 97 |... | ee | 27 | 7 15 6, sd | . I7hAugs3) 17}Aug$4,17}Aug$5 17 bAugs6) 

aE at Bank of Whitehaven, Lim... 9,853) 10 214... 213) 214 4 lf 3)... | . (10 AugS85/1C Feb. 8610 Aug8610 Feb.87)  9i'¢ 
Ba | Barnsley Bkg. Co, L."1 12,0001 12,000) 23 5 | 104)... |... | 10g) 10% | 4 12 9) 11 | 109/10 Feb.84|10 Feb 85|10 Feb.8610 Feb.sz, 3y' 
ne Belfast Banking Com 5,000) 125 | 25 1014 1024 1014 1023 102 | 4 17 9110 | 94 3 Aug85/20 Feb.8620 Aug86,20 Fel 87)” 
Saye Do new shrs., i teen 11,000} 125 | 25 ax| 41 | 40% 404, 40§ | 477 9 44 1371/8 Augs5 8 Feb.86| 8 Aug86) 8 Feb.s7 j 34737 
3 Birming. & Midland, L.[ *) 26, 60 | 124 sl Std 31g it 314, 314 6 10 5 $24) 313,16 Ang 85/16 Feb. 86 16 Aug 86/16 Feb.87, 295.9 
Birmingham Banking, Lim. 57, 50 ir 124 ssh 38] sat ‘ . s Saal sa eae ares 15° Aug86\15 Feb.87) 315% 
Birmingham Joint Stock, L. 30,000; 100 | 10 | 38} ug 88) ‘eb. 86 20 Angee 20 Feb.87 4797 
er ubie Lin. 20| 4 6 6] 64 PP 62 | 5 16 ; “i 63 }0*Aug85 10 Feb.8610*Au 586 10 Feb.67} one 

Bradford Commercial Joint __ 

Stock Banking, Lim... 100 | 25 54 55 | 54h 549, 59 5 1 OS | | 645,11*Aug85)11 Feb.8611*Aug86:1 Feb.87) 15: 
Bradford Bnkg Co L. [10/*] 100 | 30° a 771) 772 774)... |S 3 S| 774) 734/119"Agss 15 Feb. 86,113" Angao:1 rob s on 
Bradford District, Limited.. 100 | 35 9 | 70} 69 | 70} 63 | 419 9 FOz, 682 10 Aug85| 10 Feb.86,10 Aug86)10 Feb.87 20313 

Bradford Old Bank, Limited) 25, 50 =. 444) ‘iH 44 | 44g oh | 4 20: ¢ | 44 N14Aug85)114Feb. 86110 Aug8610 Feb.87) 152! 

Bristol& Westof En land,L. 20, 20 | 74) 13%) 4 12 3 7 Aug85, 9 Feb.86) 8*Aug86 8 Feb.87) 39. 
British Linen Com ; ise £1,000,000! Stock.|100 {315 315 313 (313 | 3135 | 4 9 9/319 a 14 Jne.85)14 Dec. 85 14 Jne86.14 Dec St 78 
Bueks and Oxon Union, i. l 2} 5 | 21} 22 4) 21} ad 225 i | 224 aigi20 for 84/20 for 85/20 for 86 Jan., July) 32.83 

Burton Uttoxeter, an . 

bourn Union, Limited. §0 | 10 | 374, 374) st 374 374 5 7 3| 37%) 363/18 AugS5|22 Feb. 8618 Augs6 22 Feb.87) 11331 
Bury Banking Company, L. OS Fin. Face | teet] eka FE Sted la 174Aug85)15 Jan. 86/15 Augs6 13,Jan. 87 200.004 
Caledonian Banking, Lim.. 124) 23) 3gx, ... | 38 3H 5 3 9) 3H 3a 8. Aug 85) 7*Feb.86| § Aug86, 7*Feb.87, 5938 
Capital and Counties, Lim.. 50 | 10 | 34/5... | --- | St) 34 15 & IO 44 334 18 July85|18*Jan. 86118 July86 18*Jan.87) 500,004 

3 Carlisle & Cumber. Bankg.,L. 20} 5 | 168, 17 | 168 17 | 17 | 4 14 OF 17 | 168:16*Aug85)16 Feb.86)1 6*Ang 86 16 Feb.87, 716% 

mt eS Carlisle City & District, 25) 5} 15} ts 15d) 153 5 1 GD 15$Aug 85 154Feb.86)154Ang 86 15}Feb.87, 95.9% 

eh | Central of London, ae 10} 5| 10} 11 | 10 | 105 104 (445 ‘| ue 10 10 ‘July8s 10 Jan.86)10 July86 i0 Jan.87 10037 

as Chartered Bank of In 
sot | Australia, and ee : 20 | 20 03} 234, 23 23x, 24 (6 1 y 24 | inal 7*Oct. 85 7 ApL 86) 7*Oct. $6) 7 Apl.S7) 2674 
eae? Chartered Mercantile Bunko! aS 
ek. India, London, & China 25 | 25117 | 17 | 15) 26 | 16517 0 9) 19 15) 5 Oct. 85; 5 Apl.86) 5 Oct. 86, 4 Apl.87, 1064 
bor Gig Li Si hee: 40 | 10 | ia | 30 | a9 19} 0 let dm | iay lio July 85110 Jan, 86|10 SulyS6ll0 Tons] soso 

RETLIGO on. c cee evevenees av | ' - a an. aV vulysb in. d;| ; 

3 Clydesdale, Limited ......... 50 | 10 18 18}, 18 | 18 | 18 | 6 2 3| 20} = \12 ‘Ang83|12 Feb.86 12 Aug8610 Feb.87) 432,091 
eK £ GIMENO Assi diced iedere reves 100 | 30 | 35 | 36 | 34/35 | 35% 8 11 6) 39 80 10 July 85110 Jan. 86) 10 July86)10 Jan.87, 130,952 

: 3 Commercial of Australia, L 10; 4) 8) 8% 83 8) 88/5 17 6 8% S210 July85\124 Dec. 85)225J uly86 12} Jan.$7) 426,90 

ars Commercl. Bk of Scotland, L 100 | 20 | 55 | 554/55 | 55) 55 | 5 1 _ § 544/14 July85|l4 Jan. 86/14 July86)l4 Jan.87 566,102 

Bees ce Commercial Bkg. of Sydney 25 | 25 |105 |105 04 | 104 | 104 919 F105 |104 25 July85\25 Jan. 86,25 July86\25 Jan.87) 730,135 
s Cheah Deak. ae sesees bo . 8 | 7 | 7d an & 4 a Hy be 10 July85| 9 Jan. 86) 0 Julys6 10 ret 87 a 
ee mited ...... } ee 6*Aug85| 6 Feb.86) 6*Aug86) 8 Feb.87) 17,622 

a County of Glo’ster Bnkg., L. 100 | 25 | 50H vee | vee | | 505) 505 ' 419 0. 10 Aug85\10 Feb.86)10 Aug8610 Feb.87, 61,108 

ae County of Stafford, Limited 40) 5/11)... )-- jab) Me | 5 23 é| 12 | 11 |124Tulyss 12} Feb.86|12hJuly86.124Feb.87 1 e4.0m 

a Do new, issued at 1/ pm.. 1/1) 2|../~! 2| .. 166 o 2] 2| - |1BpTuly8612}Feb.87 J 

‘ fs Sentry Vales. renee al = My anf 143) 14 =| 3 a J z 4 Lad} so s Sep. saan oop o 12, _ ae on 

Rs ven a jee 205 | | 21 5 Aug85/12}Fe 23 Aug $6 12; Keb ) 
& Cromptonand Evans’ Union, | ‘| 
Be, Lim., issued at 4 prem. 20; 4 144 143) 137, 137, 14h) 411 9 14%) 139/15 Aug85) 15*Feb.86 15 Aug86 15 Feb.$7 103,316 
rem ee Cumberland Union Lim. ... 30 | 124) 374) 373) ae 374, 37g | 4 19 0) 384) 355/16" Aug85)16 Feb.86. 14*AugS6 16 Feb.87, 164,34 

Spe Delhi and London, Limited 25 | 25 | 13 | 14 | 12 | 13 | l4n, 6 #4 GO 14 | 12 | 5 Oct. 85, 4 Apl. 86) 240ct 86 0 Apl.si,_ .. 

3. Derby & Derbyshire Bnkng, ia red 
He a On tena ottine 25 ot 153 mp 14 15} | 154) 15 | a Jan, 86, 10* July $6 14 Jan.87, 33,1 
dees r rmwa in 

2 ey =. ee eee ks ‘aio 40 |161 161 100, i. 160 | 3 18 $162 1155 [125*Sp 85) 18gMars6. 124*Sp. 86 !8?Mar87 va 
ae € of iModeJan “ 153) 1 154 5 3 ‘| 154) a 10 Jne.85| 8 Dec. 85 10 Jne. 86, 8 Dec.d6, 190,-0 

Bee English Bank of the River all 

: fe mists Braue, ond ko 50, 20 | 10 124 134 12} 13 | 135 6 15 é 134) 119) 5*Jne. 85)10 Dec. 5) 5 5*Jne.8610 Dec.S6  35,48/ 

se tish, and Aus- 20,907 

i eee ee 36,000) 20 | 20 | 33 | 34 | 33 | 334) 334 5 19 6 34 | 324110 Aug85 10 Feb.86,10 AugS6 10 Feb.87 230-0 
xchange and Discount, L. 20,000; 10; 5| 8| 8 78 8; 8) 3 2 6 BB 73) 10 Aug85|10 Feb. 86; 5 Aug86) 5 Feb.Si 4 
Wats Franco-Egyptian ............ 37 20 | 20 | 20 |... (90; OQ +3 £°6, 95 efor 1885.| 400,000 
a eh , cs |16f 25¢ for, 1884 Jan.,| July 6f 25 0741 
oe German Bank of London, L. 40,00 10 | 10 | Ilx 114 105 1 | Up 5 8 12 104) 6 Feb.84' 6 Feb.85! 64Feb.86 6}Feb.87 60,i 
kee Glamorganshire Banking, L. 32,3: 30 hi Lx! Lie) 1A yy) ly, 8 0 O 1B) 1815 Aug85 5 Feb. 86) 5 Aug 86 - » Feb.87 us 

+ ee ee eee aera ees 16,927 S| 2))2 yx) 24 25\ 2% 2% 417 6 28 2g| 5 Aug85| 5 Feb.86) 5 Augs6 5 Feb.87 
tg 44 udders. Union, 4 } i } ran" 

eG pee mie Te 25, 40 | 10 | 203 203) 204) 203) 21 | 4 18 9 20}) 20 |10*Aug85|10 Feb.S6 10*Aug 86/0 Feb.S7 ser 

ve Halifax Commercial, Lim... 15,000 20 | 10 205) 20;| 20, 204' 204 | 4 17 9 20¥) 197110 Aug8510 Feb.86.10 Aug86 10 Jan.87 100,000 

Sip % Halifax Joint Stock, Limited 20, 25) 10 224 22) 22% 224 23 | 419 9 23}! 224 10" Aug85|124Feb. 86|10* Aug 86 i24F ‘eb.87 176 
7 ne eSbecpian, Limited ......... 100,000, 20) 5 | 2) 24) 22% 25 42 5 9 24 3 0 Jne.85| 3 Dec.85| 2 Jne 86 0 Dee. 80 sof 
Ries ees S Pelee Oe T. 60,000) 284) 284) 52 | 535) 49 | 5S | 534) 5 13 0) GO | 49 * apAug 85)173F eb 86 L4gAng0 10)Feh 8 yor 

SS eld Bnkng, Co. 17; 100 |} 25 | 58 58 | 57h) 574) 594: 4 6 9 58}) 57410 July85, 10 Jan.86|10 July86 10 Jan.87 160,000 

S mt fn Banking Company, L. 40,000; 20: 4 145, 143, oi 148, 148 | 5 2 6) 145) 134/189 for 84. 18% for 85 18} for 86 Feb., Aug. 155,582 
a Imperial, Limited ............ 45, 50 | 15 174, 18 | 174, «17% i 11 6 184) 17 | 7 July 85, 7 Jan.86 6 July86, 7 Jan.8i or 

ae Imperial Ottoman ............ 500, 20 | 10 |102,' 108 hoe 108) 10%! 6 15 9 21 | 835 Julys3 10 July84) 8 July85 6 Julys6 “56-094 
7 Rae Internation! Bk of Londn., L. 20,000; 20 | 15 |144x) 15 | 14615, 15 |} 0 6 154) 145 5*July85, 7 Feb.86, pind 86, 7 Jan.87| 
eee Tonian, Limited (liab. 250)| = 1,473) 25 | 95 | 154) 16 | 15 | 155) 154) 7 5 0} a 15 | 6 May85| 4 Nov85, 6 Mays6 3 NovS" ) a0 

PER ES oor eensat ect 11,473 2h} 24) 14 iy 1; 14) 14/720 0 1 6 May85| 4 Nov85 6 May86 3 Nov 86 “sid 

e a7 : Knaresboro’ & Claro Bank 8,548 25 5 174 . | 174) 173 = 2 15 5 Aug 85/20 Feb. 86. 15*Aug86 20) Feb. 87 124,028 
Bb es: ee cee si 7 . 22 | 21h 22) 21h (411 ‘a 21 ‘10*July85'10 Jan. 86 10 “July36 10 Jan.87 og 
ree Lancaster Banking... 11,000' 25 | 25 ‘117 a ce 7 | 117. |5 4 G1N7$117 24" Augss 26 Feb.86 24* Aug 86 26 Feb.87, 219 

Lf oe ors ar- e 94.058 
wickshire, Limited...... 4,000, 50| 10 | 28 | 28 | 274 273 | 27; | 4 11 0 30 | 27 \1o4Tulyssli2 6912 JulyS6 12}Jen 87) 

Pe: Leeds and County, Limited 9,200, 85 | 10 104, 108) 10%, 104) 104 1s 14 3 er 104, $ Aunesl arch 86. py te 6 Feb.87 | 94,378 

pe . Do new i issue eee eee ee eenene 8, 25 5 55 53) 54) 54) 54 15 8 9 5}! 6 Au 85) 6 Feb. 86. 6 Aug $6 6 Feb.87 ] 7,925 
oe Moe eee eT | mp | 213) 215 | tu 9 aif! 21 110 Aug8510 Feb.86 10 Aug 10 Feb.87 ©” 


A 


(e) Cay 


* 


incolt 
— 
Don 
Liverp' 
Laver’p' 
we 
qu 

p ndot 
Londo 
ondot 
pndot 
Hondo 
ono 
ondo 
ondo 
gndo 
Londo 
Ss 
ondo 
Lond 
Londe 
Mane! 
Manc’ 
I 


Mane 
Mane 
Merc! 
I 
Moor 
} 
Mun: 
Natic 
Nati 
Nati 
Nati 
Nati 
Nati 
Nati 
Nati 
D 
New 
Nort 
Nor’ 
Nor 
Nor 


Nor 
























ie 


167 
AL. 

. 30 1887.1} THE INVESTOR’S MONTHLY MANU 

il ’ jk‘, AO a MS ill eG 9s he 3 


Apr 


ae 
























































BANKING COMPANIES—Continued. 
























































































— t yr’s PRICESOF, DIVIDENDS. 
ren a ne = 
. ._ | Investor ———— Last Four. _ aft 
rr Carerat. eee , 2 | Busi- fee Latest <i Annum, including Bonus. loabee 
Amt. | 2 B | S | ness pice | 3, & | Rate % per * Interim. 
: umber | Par. bo | Done. PerCent. |S didi msananinieaies 
ae of Shares. | share. = ll mm a | | 
italised from p a bod | | 16 July86}? 143937 
nein | | wie tae “ |... {18 Faesis Feeds Julveslie ares as oa 
; Ls ve | see 18 Suly83 10*July86)12}Jan. 
: king 70 4 She Bt ee Pigs pe *Jul 85\124Jan.86 10 July 87} 351,014 
incoln &Lindsey Ban 1,250) 200 [oh Tek te 4 , 193 10 July8 '10*July86'15 Jan. ’ 
P Conapenid Lunited...... 1'539| 50 | 174 20} 20% 204, 205! 2045, 8 y on 46})10*July8515 Jan. 86 10*July 
Do new shares...... : tenes i. 35,000} 20 10 468 472 468 47; 46515 4 b.86 15*Angs6 & Feb.87 =e 
Liverpool Constae, Sa im 30,000; 100 20 213 21} | 512 3 223) 17'| 5 Mar85| 5/Marso 5*Sep.86 ™ aoe 313145 
; Jnion oe ; | 213 6 919117151 | pls; , 
pyr aroete aed Meet SO eS ates ane | ta 18" ne gh og 193) 16413 Oct. ee ee ‘Acgesia eno 
Mea cael ican,L.| 25,000; 20 10 | 173) 192 | 174, 18x a 1416 3) 84 | $1 (20 Jee 6 Penos S  Aacoutabvonort sodas 
oo Bearlian, Limtd.| 60,000 3 | 20 | 88'| 84" | oul He] 103 | 28 OF haat 13 NDhAuSOSIOAFeb 06 erg rere 
london & Brazi Bnkng,L.! — 100,000 10 | 11x! 114 | ava es | 134 | 4 9 €} 144) I: | 85| 5 Dec.85| 5 Jne.86 587 54,077 : 
ndon & County Bnkng, 33,300; 20 14p 133 14 | 138 | 4 6 9 6}) 5z! 5 Jne.85 6 Aug86 7 Feb.87| 54, 4 
, tic, Lim. aa 0 5 | 14 | | 53) 6 6 {|51 af 214! § Aug 85! 6 Feb.86 5 Jan.87 1,657,21 
mdon & Hanseat 1, Lim 70,000; 1 ie Oe ee bee | 8 9 23 | 215 = 86,14 July86}15 > 3 ; 
-rov ; , | 22 14 ; 116 July85|134Jan. 86 6 Jan.87 7,01 | 
boon & San Francisco, L| 60000] 7 5 | 214) 22 | 214) 22 | 4h 4 9 6 65 | 62) 5| 5 Jan.86 5 July86 | 
don & San Francise »L| 20,000} 50 | 15 | (65 | G4 | 644) 64h | 4 6) Qf) 2ve, 5 July85) | | 
é' south -Western, y 20 | 644) | 2%! 2615 7 6 Qe 87| 18,936 
ey Wostuboster, L. Vee me 24) 2% 2i% 24) 2y% 0 4 A 39) 5*Sep.85| 5 re eae oe 1 Decks saaeae 
ont $ i 2 | | . oe § j ; 7,85) - . 
Yorkshire, Lim. | Sy) 4x) 4 18 5 }) 8*Jne. 85) 14 | ‘| 6 Dec.86} 128, 
oi Beak of Mecteoaad 20) 5 | 4.| eal eq 184/183 | 5 29 0| 954] 93°| 6 Jne.85| 6 Dec 85| 6 ae 124Jan. 871,160,387 
London Ban : leeited 50,000 164) 188) 163) 5316 O O 254 12 Jan.86 12 July86 “| 534533 
iomand River Plate, L-| 60,000 20 | 90 | 24) 254, 24 | 371 374 414 0 384 45415 July85 i5 Jan.86 15 July86/15 Jan.87} 534, 
mndon and River lis 50,000, 2 | 378, 37 | 374, | 17 3 463 454, a ana “| 770 680 
‘hart. Bk of Australia ; 100 | 15 | 37 | 378, 53! 463, 46 | 4 \ ty86\20 Jan.87| 772, 
moa Joint eee MD 100 | 15 | 459) weet a ‘| Ss Pes J “ug ee ae 1o-July8612}Jan. 8 wo 
' . | } ' FPR e : ] *July aay Soe " * 6 11}Fe 4 noe 
Beochestar & Sameens 300%, ether tet aa 183 17 ze 10 5 11} Feb.86 11}*Jly8 
eee ete tee | | eaped! eo | te pee Te nie 16 29 3 12 et lasuleas a oe 178 
— eure — 95,000; 50 ; Hele Ligilly) 14 | * 7 le Jed ve | 6*Sep.84| nilsince| 10,17 
Manchester & en Stook L. 17,050; 20 | Pras 3 om nil. | 3} 23 at 3115 Dec.86| 101,740 
Manchester — . ‘sens 6| 3| 3} “i Lunt | lo" Ine 85/10 Dec.85,10*Jne. 86 3 Jan 87 2.862 
ae ‘Tomaee Lim...| 75,000} 20 = poupet yy” J bee? foes “a ee exe 0 July86)\10 Jan.87|} 233,691 
Pet Robinson's Nottin . 7751 10 | 4 | veo | ore “oe Re a2 rs A 19° 18 4 July85,10 eS May86|15 Nov 86 ame 
Moor ire Bokng, Co., L. 50,7 5| 2] 2G! ... car 184, 183/65 8 | 9 |15 May85\315 Nov , 86) 5 Apl.87| 80, 
hamshire Bokng Lim 75,000 5 | 10 | 183) 183, 18 | / 102 | 6 O O| 108! *Sep. 85, 6 Apl.86 5*Sep. eS 
ram ited Sake. 150,000 - 4| 94) 103) 94 A 8$|7 7 0... | “és . ete July86) 5*Jan.87| 2,301 
National Banik of Austrisia. ye 25 124) Bh). | “aa 7 WF hie : | 13/0 July85| hom A Faly86|15 Jan. 87 —< 
Sioa! Bank of India... 200,000] 90 | 10 et Tah Mil 1g woe’ | ¢28 oe rr $51 6 Jan.66 6*July86| 6 Jan.87| 5, 
we ico... ee ‘ 1B a get uly85) 
El ot ann] 100 oa htt May “ts 22 oa yt san. 9 Jny 8756 | as 
National of Scotland. Lim... 2,500} 20 | 10 |103x) "| 12 9 434| 42 |22 July85, *Jan. 86 20 July86| 18" y $6; 126,951 
Kati f Wales, L. ™ 23; 43 | 4223; 4 9 6 51 | 49 \22 July85/18 | 5 Sept85| 5*Sept 0 
Raonal Provincial Bamk ol 75 | won| 423| $34) fot Se Soe | 4 3 ¢| 104 94) | 5 Api. 86 10 Oct. 86,10 AplSi olds 
* England, Limited... 1504625] 60 12 | 308 T0994! 10 10 | 5 0 of 10g! 10 Nad Ar roel S8Reb.58 1g Angst ree Sea 
Do, dO ..+.s2sssvee. ten km) 50,000; 10/1 104} 104; 10 | 10x) 10 | Bb 4 9% | 25 144 185 15 Jan. 86 15*July86) 
New Oriental Bk. Corp. (L.) 25) Bh ost |... | 2541 50; | 5 7 2 304, 205!174Julyas | 600 
Horthamptonshire Bina -L. re 30 | 8 | 254) 3591 293| 298| 294 | os | 4 ls as 86 5: Aug86\5,,Feb.87 60 
he a eee Lim} 50,000] 40 | 10 a a 6 | 52|5 22.6) 62 of 13 Mee 85 12 Sep. 85112 MarB6| 53Sep.86 _ 
North & South Wales, Lim. ; 6| 64) 5i) 6) 53 6 9 6 21% ie §5| 6 Sep.85| 6 Mar 786|° 207,961 
7 ) } } } | | | wi 24kNov 
| North - Eastern, Limited 39,325, 20| 6 214xi 214) 21} 21 | 21 | 5 9 6, 104/ 108 6 Mar |194Nov85 124May86\l 87| 119,011 
issued at 2/ pm.) ...... , 214X) May85 12 | 6*July86| 6 Jan.83 
(issued at 2/ pm.) 25,000} 50 | 10 |213x 10g) 104! 104} 104 ls 0 6 103, 10 1124 85 6 Jan.86| 6*July 
000 ie : rAanpbers 15,000 60 - oy 104 * ; rf 1419 6 oye of 6*July ails Aug86|10 Feb.87 oe 
0 B shares a 000 19 85)10 Feb.86, 15 Jan.87 ? 
: scotland, Limited! 100, 20 | 74 9x6) rae Pe A’ 103| 10 (10 Aug85) 86) 5*July86 “| 49,000 
316 North of Seo im. (LiverpL) 54,000 a '10} 10 |5 0 @ | 399) 5*July85/15 Jan.86) 5° ly86/10 Jan.87 ? 
“BE sees Reciectam| | 3272 a | 9, |g 2h te ee Behos i; Auggon) Fast 31007 
ing Compny. . 10 15 | dal angi 4 | 4 | 634) 614 15*Aug85, ‘12*Aug 86 . 
oPsceen fact L| hey 1 ato ah tte a Sl kas Hobs Ango|3 Fo | 
L , | 32}| 322 | 1948) 12 | | . 
Patan Joint Stock any;L| 28,000 195 | 124] 324 w| Toa 12h | 3 18 o\an'| 48'to Ausesil0 Fen gel Ausséil0 Febs7|f © 
100 ras pre se aky L 20,000 Po 5 |L2}4( 1245! 123) ‘o 49 | 6 2 0 ~ | 48 (10 Aug85!10 ee 10 ‘Augs610 Feb.87} | 79905 
52 ares's Leices . oe i 20,000 25 |} 49 | vee | vee | 49 |} 5 2 U 49 | 48 | Aug85 10 Feb.86; ‘10 Feb.87 
ieetpbitbmre’, J oo | 49 194,12 Aug .86 10 Augs6 396 ; 
gM tn aiking’ Gy Tin] 4137] 100 ta Ho 88s 5 ial I Ange Fob 915 Angsos Fob 207 38 
‘a Do, Asher , ya eel izali7 | 173 ig}? | 13}, 123) il Oc l 
ee) aes Se 5 $012 ale Oceana osteo ea ae 
ifn Dv. , 5 | 228) 228 | '218 '2124| 9 Jne. 114,182 
1 0 BOW. iS és : a 130,000 10 224! 226) 224) 215 4 8 6'218 } e 86 164 Feb.87 
i fi eral hoak et nena a 0000] Stok 00 P5216 214) 215 215 | 77 0 au 2 esse locten so Julgeelotian | 60.20 
| xd d ...} £2 23 5 O| 56}| 544/14 July85! .86 10° Aug 86 15 662 
sae sank eg aria oh 50 | 8 | 234| 233 aa 23H 544 | oe owl a3t 40410" Aug5 15, Feb 0 74JSuly Feng 30024 | 
“Joint Stock Bukng le] 24000 100 | 2 | oe a7a. 404; 474] 468 | 4 "9 914% 13s eyulas| TiJan.867h*Fuly86) Teen. 87 | 
: Sheffield and Hallamshire... nae 50 | 174) 474) 948) 505 134) 135 9 8 9 24 | 223/74" July85) 4 7| 171,965 
70 Sheffield Banking et eee 40 | 10 | 134 a 9 993| 22} | 6 14 ‘| js ® Bebe" angeat Far 
"0 ‘eld Unt ob) 18; 225) 223) “24) 224) | 26 10*AugS5 | 13 
16 ARM Stetield Union Bnkg Co,, L. 8,750} 100 | 20 | 963) 268 | 4 12 0 30 | 26 | 10 Apl.86)10 Oct. 86) 408,713 
- danse int took, L 500} 30 | 10 | 26 | 268) 26 | | : | ‘ é 46} 433 10 Ane ot 3028 Apc s6lz8 Fone 250, 
I 5 27 | a4 | 493 | 6 22 |... (28 Aug85, 86 6*July86, 8 Jan.87 789 
4 Banking, L., (65,000/0).. 453) 46 | 434) 44 | a hee | "8 | 6*July85| 8 Jan.86 Jan. 85| 5 Jan.86 
6 i Seckey's Banking s74s| “30 | “7 | 8a] 8) 8 ra) Ait | 4 26. 9 iia) 174 4Sp.85214Mar 86 114°Sp.80)12 Fehsi| 907,368 | 
MI Sransce, La cesses *eiool  3Th vy | iia] 173.174! Ne 4 Bid 0% 0420 Angas Fe 86 14 Juego lt2i Tan, 8 850,000 
| Three Towns Banking, Lim 36.0001 35 93} 98) 94) 9 3 “4 9 70 | 67 10 Jan.86)i y *Jan.87| 62,07 
i ’ July85 ! Jul 8* Jan. 87 
0 | fown and County Bank, Lim. 15 | (2h) O8x oe! gg’| 69} 602 | 3} 384) 35 |124 8 Jan.86| 8 July: 
im’ rh 160,000 5 | 68 | 693) 68 | 69 36§ | 5 6 35 384) 8 July85 2 May86)12 Nov 
4 vate® Bank, perl) 60,000 oe ib 37 | 37 | 30 364) My | 6 1 J 14 a 12 May85 12 ae SAREE 6 Feb 87 - ee 
5 Be yo Bank of Aus L...| 110,000 11 | 153) 153) 15 | 15 | 21 1514 3 43) 0 Feb.85) 44Fe 10*Aug8620 Feb.8 
9 hice Fee L| 40,000 a 10 | 213) 218) 207 oa 541619 0 6 |... 10*Ang85/20 Feb.86 a v8 
ton Bank of Manchstr., : 3) 6} 52 7 1+. OF vee | ves on _— 
8 hhion Bank of Seotland, L, "24075| 18| 6 stl... |... | 354/354 oa | ees] vans 
Jaion Bk. of Spain & En LL. 8,000} 50 | 134) 35} ... ww. | S64) BOE] | 
$ Wakefield & Barnsley nion ’ 
5 





} 

394) ... | 
i 5 eee } 

hew (at 19} pm.) [Lm. | 0 bil aici of | 





{ 
} 
i 






ee ene meaner OO mRUnAnCRE OA RIanem ea ee IAS ant, 


a 


THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL. [April 30, 1gg7 


Carita. 


(c) Capitalised from profita,| ° Shares. | 


West Riding Un. Bkg. L. (Sic) 
Whitehaven Joint Stk. Bkg. 
Wilts & Dorset Banking, 


Banking, Limited 
York City & County Bkg.,L 
Yorkshire Banking Co., L... 
York Union Banking Co., L. 


DISCOUNT OOMPANIES. 


Belfast Discount, Limited... 
Discount Corptn. of Ireland) 
National Discount Co., Lim) 
Union Discount of London..| 


—— 


(ec) ——— per share 
rom profits. 


Alliance Assurance 
Alliance Marine Assur., Lim. 
Argus Life Assurance (26/ c) 


Atlas Fire and Life 


City of Lon. Fire Insur., L. i 
City of Lon. MarineCorp.,L.| 50, 
Clerical, Medical & Gen. Life 
Comme 


urg 
Employers’ Liability Assur- 
ance Corporation, Lim. 
English and Scottish Law 
Life Assurance Assoc. 
Equitable Fire, Limited ... 
Equitable Reversi In- 
terest Society, Limited 
Equity and Law Life (10, 


(902 c) divs. p. sh. 
w Revers. Intrst. Soc., L.| £400 


Law Union Fire and Life... 


Share. 


BANKING COMPANIES—Continued. 


Last yr's|PRICcEsO 
divs. yld.| 
._ | Investor |—— 
SI | at Latest; % 
| Price. | a i 
One: 'PerCent.| [= 


| PRICES OF THE | 


Amt. 


oe | ness 


| 22 | 223 22 | 203 
| 659% 66 653, 66 
10 | 444,45 44 445, 
10 | 234 233 234) 29), 
j } 


12 | 17 | 17 (16 f%, 169; 
15 | 497 494 49 | 49} 
12); 20% 30 294 2931 
124) 434)... |... | 43) 


j 


BeRNV SHRAAH 


1887. Divipexp 


A  iccttNtet He ttt tt 


rae Last Four. 
ate % per OF eee ntinting Bonus, 


im, 


ee, es 


Resry, & 
Blnce aft 
Last Diy. 


—, 


| 
scaiescalipetantealbieinininsnccsicemigen 


di 
9) 244) 22 |114Feb.85,6§*Aug85'11,%,Fb.96.63* Augsg 
3) 68 | 653: 33}Aug8333) Aug $4 33} Aug85 30 Aug86 
10, 45 | 44 [20 July85,23 Jan.86'20 July86 24 Jan.g7 
9 


40,037 
46,163 


100,009 


25 | 22; 15*Aug85 15 Feb.86,15*Augs6 15 Feb.87 


| } ! 
3) 178 16 f%4/10 Aug85 10 Feb.86 10 Aug8610 Feb,87 
6 50 | 49 |16*July85.20 Jan.86 16*July8616 Jan.s7 
0, 30}| 208/10 Aug85 10 Feb.86/10 Aug8610 Feb.) 
6 


91,791 
278,412 
435, 43} 10*Aug85 24 Feb.86 10° Aug86 24 Feb.87 13500 


be | : 


8 ll 
38) 


—_——- —_—- 
j 


i 
| 
6 July85 6 Jan.86, 6 July86 6 Jan.87 
54 in '82) 54 in’83. 6 in ’84 6 in ’85 
t 10)12 Aug8513 Jan.86 12 Aug86 12 Jan.87 
74 .» | 8 Jan.86 8 July86 8 Jan.87 


a 


——— 


0 1,831 


466.859 
114,305 


INSURANCE COMPANIES. 


PRICES OF THE | 


‘PRICES OF) 


Last |Last yrs.| 1887. 


;. (divs. yld.|——-—— | 


Investor, 
ness jat Latest 

Price. | 
|PerCent. 


Done. 


S&S & 


‘ | 224, 225 

5 243) 25 | 243) 25 
2) 4! 43) 3%) 4 
24 8] 8j) 8} 8jx 
l | 4) # 


on to t&: 


ann ae 


6 
4 
4 
6 
4 
6 
5 


ss oO°OocCt 


_ 
~ 


71 | 


op | 5 2 
152 | 3 8 
63 | 318 
74414 1 
64 | 3 17 
435) 43) 2 


2% 


2) 18 2) 1) 14) 
10 | 724) 724| 60 | 60x 
s bias Gables aaa 
80 |1454'148 |143 1455 
481 5/| 58 | 59 | 57 | 58 
50 | 73 | 75 | 73 | 75 
5 | 6} 63) 63) 63 
15 | 434) 434) 435, 
2/2) 23 1y! 


$3} 63) 7| 67\ 7| 6315 0 
1; 1g 1g) 1h 1m) S64 


ee 
100 /1095) ... | ... |1094| 1094 | fil 
6 | 22 | 23 21 | 92 2345 0 
1 tn bbe 
i} 84 9 | Ste 6 17 
so» 1225] 1224 | 5 14 
43) i) 1] 1 00 0 


2 & 18 


70 | 72 

j 2 
60 |155 sis 158 
30 | 28 | 29 
ad 13 


oy i) i 
32h 325] 3 
1g 1 1 : 


2 
= 


 6)1634/155 |¢6 July 


Last Four Half-Years. 
Rate per Cent. per Annum. 
*Interim. 


ily 
6 
ei 


ee 


0} 8| 7 
0; 28 | 26 


| Bonus 
pr Share 


15 Oct. 8£ 
4 July8! 
6 July8 


8, 18 | 17 |16gJne. 8: 


15 Apl86/15 Oct. §615 Apl.87 34, 5/6 
4 Jan.86) 4 July86 4 Jan.8i_.,, 
6 Jan.86| 6 July86 6 Jan.87 34, £51( 


(2}Jne.84|16 Jne.85,16 Jne.s€ | TP. 
10 Feb.86!20 July86:20 Feb) 


35 Feb.86|20*July86/35 Feb.s7 
184 for 85 


| nil 
2 Jan.86 


O} 644) 6rx|20 July8é 


6{ 238) 223/20* July85 
g 248) 
O| 43 
6, 9 


24 |174 for 84 

35/12 July8é 

ie May8i 

og | 0 Jne, 85 

$} 23} 14) O Feb.84 
73 | 60 


5 Augs= 
6} 213) 174|10*Sep. 85 
9/150})143 | 5 Mar84 
| 69 | 57 | 43July85 
9 75 | 72 16tAJuly85 
O} 6%) 6} 5 Apl ss 


nil. ' | oe 
21 for 86)Jne.& Dec. 1878,£ 
(12 July86:i2 Jan.87 1883 
14 Oct.85|14 May86/14 Oct. 86) 
3 Jne.84| 3 Jne.85; 3 Jne. 86, 
Q Feb.85) 0 Feb.86| 5 for 8€ os 
5 Aug84) 5 Aug85) 5 Aug$6\87,£12} 
| | | 


20 Mar86)10*Sep.86.30 Mar8i 
6?Mar85} 5 Mar86, 6}Mar87 6, ist 
4jJan. 86 4}July86) 4}Jan. 87/35, £5} 
7hJan.86) 5July86| 74Jan.87) 
5 Apl.85 5 Apl.86 5 Apl.87 83, 25/9t 
9 45 | 43 |12 July85)12 Jan.8612 July8612 Jan.8/) 


9 23) 14) GZAplS3| 5§ApLS4 SgApl85 GpApl.s6, .. 
| i 


O| T¥%| 6}4| 9July85| 9}Jan.86 10 July8610 Jan.87) 
O| 1g) 4h 10 Sop 85 10 Mar86 10 Sep.86 10 Mar 87 
3 


1095|108§} 5 Oct.85| 5 Apl.86 5 Oct.86 5 Apl.87 33,24 ¢ 


23 | 21 |14}Jan.84|14}Jan.85 184Jan.86 184 Jan. 87 1854 
& 7 Apl$2| 5*Oct.82, 5 Apl.83, nil. since’ + 
93} 84110 July85|10 Jan. 8610 July8610 Jan.87 

w+ | + | 5 Sep.85| 9 Mar86 5 Sep.86 9 MarS7' = 

14) 2) 5 July82) 5 Jalyss 5 July84 5 July85 


| 2 
5 July85| 5 Jan.86 5 July86 5 Jan.87 a6, £4 
5 July85| 5*Jan.86, 7 July86 5 Jan.87 18 ; 
23) 23 Last| dividend) paid in 1876. || 
. | 86 £3 Jan. 87 persh 
£3 Jan. 86 £5 July aly 0 60 ' 


72 | 69 
0} 30 | 28 10 July83i10 July84 10 July85 10 


6| 17 | 124|20 Aug85|10 Feb.86.20 Aug86 10 Feb.87 06,14 | 
By) 244] 5 Jan.84| GiJan.85, 7}Jan.86 7hJan.87 4 
44) 34/10 Mar85\10*Sep.85 10 Mar86 "een. © 
68} 6 |10 July85/12}Jan.86 1243 uly86 15 Jan. 87 i 
154] 144/33 Ine. 83.33 Jne.8433 Jne.8533 Ine-O0 . “eo 
9109 |108 | £240ct.85 £24Apl.86 £240ct. 86 £24Ap! 81" 
01126 \123 | 6*Oct, 85 6 Apl.86 6 Oct.86 6 ApLS) 
... | ».» {80 Nov8290 Nov8331 May8433 May®® 645° | 
3} 13 | 12 8hJuly83 Sa JulyS4 are 1ipNov86 > 
' ‘ ° 
6 " a va) ane 5 for 87 res 75,99 
} ee 


id pens Bi —— - es is included in the dividend. (a) Bonus every 7 yea 


3 i Includ 


vidend.—Bonus every 5 


rs. 
years—{aot included in the “yield” column) 


—————— 








April 30, 18&7.5 THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL. 169 


INSURANCE COMPANIES—Continued, 




















































































































| PRICES OF THE |PRICESO.: : 
ee. CAPITAL. Monra. Last ae 1887. DIvipENDs, 
UE 2 § SRR RAe Busi. (divs. yld.| 
Investor) # | 43 | 
NAME. Number Pigi¢g tlatest| 213 Last Four Dividends. Last 
oe test our 
() Cnpltaliand Ee share | o¢ Amt | i a\f : ness "Price | | 8 Rate per Cent. per Annum. Bonus 
rom PF Shares. | Share. = 3 . tocar end Seba Interim. pr Share. 
nina verpool and London ani pe 354/23 34.9, 34,8 | oe 6 354 3144 85 May8é 10* Oct. oaks May86'40"Oct. a 
Globe, Fire and Life .../£391,752) Stock - or ost 2 25 | 254) 4 0 O Ws 24 6 Dec.84| 6 Jne.85) 6 Dec.85) 6 Jne. eee 
Do £1 annuities ...........| 49,626, 163] 163 : | sii! 83 312, 89/211 0 oH 7 | 5 May83| 8 May84\ 8 May85|10 May s 
mdon and Lancashire Fire} 74,090; 25 23) 4 43} 3]) 4 4\3185 oO 4 ‘- ‘i \LO for 84:15 for 85/15 for 86)... 
mdon —_ eae L sak ane 2 it * "| tsi th! #a| at. | 2 a i zs = ie 
don & Provincial Fire, L. ,  32)10*July8zi20 Feb.86 10* uly86 20 Feb.87; ... 
mion & Provin. Marine.L.| 50, 20| 2 | 4{ 43; 4 *. le oe a way is , 
mdon Assurance Corpor. | 2 ls: @ 53 50 12 Oct. 8F|28 ApL86/12 Oct. 86) con # 
ation, Fire,Life & Marine a a sal sa HA 3h 3 $09 3 34% 10*July8e|10 Keb.86)10*July86\10 Feb.87, * 
anchester Fire............... yi pe 1H) 13) 1%) 13) 6 8 3 144 1210 Mar8i}10 Mar85)10 Mar86)10 Mar87| 
anchstr Undrwritrs AssnL 5 1 (ltix 39 | 29°! 29: 29316 7 0, 304 274413 in 85/412 in 81413 in 85/413 in 86 Jan., Shy. 
arine a ot a 3 “a 43} 43) 4h] 44 |4 9 O 4i%% 42,)10*Julys¢| 10 eae aoe 83) 
ritime Insurance, Limi al 9 t ious div une or be 
chant ae Limited 10 24; 22) 24; 2 | i ™ + een ; saheiies 
ational Ass, (Fire & Life), 49}; 44 |16 Mar8& sane 16 Mar ui 
Tre ana beets a se a Be A | 74 : we dl THI 7 (30 Aug85/1 O°Jen. 66 30 suame 2 ieee 10/ 
fationa Her Iinsur., L. "y ey 124J uly84|124July85! y' ysi eee 
tnal. Guar.& Suretyship, L. ai i di 42) 417 0 49) 44)12hJaly vo fe 
ational Marine Insurance, Wy] 1a) ui wyiors s 13} 5 Nov85| 6*Apl.86,10 Nov 86| 6*Apl.87\__... 
LémlON Fit oc: onc cccece 2); 8) i 





eth British & Mercantile, 

Fire an:l Life ............ 
thi. “ss. Fire & Life (5/ ¢) 
orwich Union Fire Office 
ean Marine 










4 
2 
7 ¢ £12p.sh.A pL&Oct 86 £1$p.sh. A|pL&Oct87 
i o € | 20 Ine. 85120"Dec. 85120 J ne. 8620" Dee. 86 
> a ane 551041 ane r a él e'| Be sam 41 4Jan. 83|334July83|33}Jan. 84|33}July84 
7 6i| 63 rr vi 61/515 6) 63 5 74¥eb.84| 74Feb.85, 74 Feb.86| 74Feb. 87 










OOOO eee eee eetene 















































































































strioticA ssurance oe | 7 Mar86 7 Sep. 86/5, Mar 87 
Fire and Life ; ’ Oj; 83) 8%) 83) 88 88/7 1 i 1 | 50 59 ingen aa/£4"Ma 84\£4 May85/£4 Ma: $6|per share 
Last Or Re ye ore 60 61 is 59 oe oat ie $2474 233 £440c085 £T}ApLSG £440ct.86 £9 Aplsi 87 |per share 
She Bionic Fire 00000000"000" éj6 ee bod fs 310 6| vy) 3| 2hJne.83 spins Siete finest) 83 ert 
tne cnensuees oon’) ke 124 Feb.84 e e 
st ree 10 | 38 i | e heelioe | ic beetle | Bpelees 15 Jan.80) 5 July0) § Jan 87/82 54% 
ase ~ . 
ee 1] dala 18) ab] 570. & 8M 8S, Sets aro Seo 9) are 
$5 eWay Passengers ........ me 388 314| 3fs| 38} 38 | 5 10 5| 344) 33] 64Jan.84| 74Jan.85|10 Jan. 86 10 Jan. 87 
y SO IN liance Marine Limited.. os | 108 412 6... | .. | 5 July85| 5 Jan.86| 5 July86) 5 Jan.87 
inh eresionary Interest Socty, Me | ong onl wel a IO ebe Faly85| 5 Jan.86) 5 July86) 5 Jan.$7 
ak Lie. $h0000dst hee cacan¥eus 10s 74x “72 “73 73) 73 6&i3 Si § } 73\85 Ap 85/85 Oct. 85/85 Apl. 86 | 
beteddl sb ewashcdianeaics 7 
- | 8 Jan. 87 
5 0 6412},395 |32 July85| 8 Jan.86/32 July86 
Fe Op 108,108 OP ite Oe LS so: ST atl aglaw seeeeetee Steemmiee hier 84/20 May85 
3 | s7il 38 | 374! 384| 388 | 5 28 Ol s8| Sesle0 Auc85/334*F1L86(60 Augs6|t0"Feb 87 
or oe ioe san oo 1o30"240"| 240" | $25 0'240 iz mini Be me Phere eg 
op ire nice Chace sine 3h} 34 x | + 6 e e 87 
beptre Life oo... i “oat aft 219 6 2 6 Mar.84| 8 Mar85| 8 Mar86/10 Mar ‘ 
kottish Accident Ins., Lim. : 2 2 78 * 1a 16 7 ‘| 4 : 5 May83| 74May84| 74May85| 8?May86)_.. 
eottish Imperial, Lim_—Life 1 1 ° li} Wis 8 1 7H 4 | eae 44Aug84| 44Aug85) 5 ao ote 
kottish Life Assurance, Lim. : i lig! dial aul ls 6 HI a Hi es May84} 6 May85| 6 May86}_ ... 
hottish Metropolitan Life,L. 4 "| 7] *Nov85/29 May86|20*Nov86)’82, 127+ 
memes ed 3 | 163] 18 | 1418 It} 3 6 9 is ms 20 Mays3o0eNov8 54Feb.86| 54Feb87| 
eottish Reversionary, Lim 20,000 5 = 2 of 1 of . ; 17 6| 21} 2H ...  |10 for 84)12 for ome ~ . } 6% 85 
ttish Union & National, Al 216,901 1 é 103| 10 103| 103 | 414 O 11 10% 10 for 84|12 for 85 or 
Do do B) 17,512; 10| 34] 104 102) 104 6.3 4 9 Gi 6 |10 Jan.84.10 Jan.85)10 Jan.86 10 Jan. 87 
Nea Insurance, Limited....... 50,000] 10 2/ 6 Sts Sts Sf wel pe ” {6 in 83 | —— gare —e Mar-Sep. 
hrops. EN Wales ire Office 4,686 = 315) 16 . a m | nil. ctu tee | 
wereign Life.............. ...| . | ene ee EE oa il. 
" ae es Office, Lim.| pot - 43 | 48 | 465, ‘ay! 464 | 5 "@ 6,49 465 DopMay$5 201Nov's Ma 
pandard Life ...........0.00... 3 § ene 
‘andard Marine Lim... 20 i 54) 5a Bye * | , . | ” _ 5 Jan. 84 5 Jan.8:|' 5 Jan. SiiJan.J 
wae Assurance Society 25 i a 450 |440 Lae 446} 4.19 04650 |435 |£27 in 82,£22 in 83/£22 in 84)£22 = 
4 pa we (divs. per share)... 100 | 16 {10041102 | 99 99 {1005 1024 | oo aad 129 40. July 20 a poe ol July8620°Jan.87|... 
123 | ; oe 
; ames & Merse reey Marine,L, 100,000, 20 é e Re ee 33 | 4 9 9540 525 | 20Fuly85 120Fan. 86 a when . 
? Ant Fire and Life........ eee ee 3H) SH 94) 6 | 6h 5t 4 0 5 Gi) 6) 7fJan.84 j apL 86] 5°Oct 88li0 ApLs7|_ :.. 
: Tain atine, L.(Liverpool)| 40,640 a 3 113) 103 11}x} 105 5 6 9 114 104 5 Oct. $5)10 — '35|3343ne.86110 Doc 86 
- niveral Lite ae 100 | 12 | 30 | 41 | 89/41 | 394) 8 2 é ‘94 7 7 ‘to*duly8520 Jan.86|10*July8630 Jan.87 
oa 6) ' 
o Universal Marine, Limited.. 20 ; 7 . 14 v 7 3 il 6 oe Seber 3 Fuly86 3 Jan.87 . — 
38+ wretsity Life Assurne. Soc 100 a Pts BS “ 57 418 3 ia 57 | 8 Jul 8 Jan.86 8542 for 86 
, 10/ restof England Fire & Life ey ces | 50h 50h 3 17 36 for 8442 Apl.85/42 Oct. 0 és 
y Yorkshire hire Fire & Life (240 c) 10,000] 50 ra 





“yield” column). 
.—Bonus eve ae youre—tuat included in the “ yie 
te LN eo oo cael Uda dnd Deve is eas in the dividend. 8. Bonus every 7 years. 
vi re — 


ia MISCELLANEOUS COMPANIES. 


—_—_ 





tl 








































(Last two| PRICESOF 
 86t PRICES OF THE | re yld| 1887. Drvipenpe. 
CAPITAL. MonrtuH. | Sind 
; cael Busi Investor; vey - I , Four Resry. & 
” NAME. Number | “™* e | z | E 3 | rina, " 4 | z Annum, i a ding Bonus. Landry. 
| i | ' © | | inclu ba 
of Shares. aw “eg = | ci 8 3 Done PerCent. S | 3 | Rate % per um, ; 
| Melek ! te errr | 
ARAL eee oo | [£5 d 4 A 4 Feb.87) ... 
5,83 metAL ¢ a ae 410,975 Saatchi riddhsh' 1124113 | 1125 | 8 19 Psi 4 Angss ‘oe $ jute 4 Jan.87 ta 
* Be .™ngham Canal............ 115 | + 5*Jul ll e! = 
Body, debenture stock...| £797,400 Stock 100 /1144|115 1144 91 “8&i 3 0 6. 5 July85 11 Fe 
ri ’ | 5 Feb.8%| for ’85 
“ilgewater Navigation, L. Sane is “abtads rt) 144 re 14 al ae 19 ; 14) 14.| 5 15 Suly86, 5 Feb.86| 5 July86 5 Feb.8i 
trates Canal te| teas. sae noo Bist Parte 























aE RTT OL, TO , 











——— 


THE INVESTOR’S MONTHLY MANUAL. 


MISCELLANEOUS COMPANIES—Continued. 


PRICES OF THE | | ‘Last ycs.\PRICES OF, 
CaprmraL. MonrTH. t Tae — yld 1887. Divipenps. 
. eseenceneiemeaenan ——————| Busi. | Inves os i Rialtadeiane ms 
NAME. Amt.| | 2 ¢/#) 8) at Latest Last Four. Re 
é | & | z 5 | 3 ened | Price | 4 g : Rate % per Annum, including Bonus, es cae 
os a4 = = * Interim. \LastDiy. 
—-— ’ 


OANAL OOMPS.—(Con.)———__— — —'— —- Tk tetiiinnmened stir, 
Delaware & Hudson Canal, ad | 
$100 shares . 000,000; $100) 1025 120 | 120 , 120 OF vss 5 Mar86\ 5 Sep.86; 5 Dec.86. 5 Mar.8; 
Do7 % ist Mortge. (Penn- | 
aylvania) 1917 5,000,000... ronyliangii4s 140 |1424) 141 
Do 7% bonds at 1901, 1894 $2,000,000 $1 00011025 117x119 115 uy | 1133 
Droitwich Canal(guaranteed 
by “ Sharpness”) 200 100 hoo | ‘184 1185 184 1185 | 184 
Droitwich Junction oe 20 | aed 20 | 203) 193, 3 | 192 
Frotis Cnl,Hn 100 | 00 | will 
Grand Canal ( rish 343 ax ‘al 343) 394) 3904 | 
Grand Junction Canal 100 $ LiL [112 410 1 | 110 


8 
3 9 | 
9 1454/1373) 7 Sep.85| 7 Mar86) 7 Sep. 86 7 Mars?) 
6120 |112 | 7 ApL85) 7 Oct.85) 7 Apl.86 7 Oct. s¢ 


0,188 \183 | 8 Sep. 85 8 Mar86) 8 Sep. 86 8 Mar$7) 

6) 203) 193) 49Sep.85, 47Mar86) 43Sep. 86. 42 Mars} * 

. 2 |». | £1 paid |Aug. 1886) for coup lueNov76) 91 109 
a 403) 32 | 1gSep.85| 18Mars¢ 1gSep.86) 1?Mars7) _’ 
2113 \110 | 4 Jne. 85; 4 Dec.85) 4 Jne.86 4 Dec.s6) jay 109 


~ 


Do preference 10 “i ae 153) 15 3 .. } 6 July y85| 6 Jan. 86) 6 July86) 6 Jan. 87). 
Leeds & Liverpool Canal .. eur 665) 139 yy! 1685 65)/400} ~— 46 + Cag ass 81 May85, 9! Nov 85) 91 May86) 9! Nov 86. 13,79 
Oxford Canal . 1,786 100 00 |100 | ve [vee | oes "| one ee eee we | 7hS8ep. 85 74Mar86) 74Sep. 86 snentt 


Regent's Canal City &'Docks 
Rail(Canal Capital) Stock! £1,275, | Stock |100 | 834 924) 83); 903, 90 2 1 6 3 694) 4 Apl85| 4 Oct.85| 4 Apl.861Z for $6) 
l 7 9104 |1014) ie 43 Feb.86 em 43F eb. 87| 


ttn teds - te Zl] 


Maem fs 
Up Sr te Soe A 


Qa 
Rochdale Canal 5,663 85 | 85 nozy 04 3) 904 104 | 31 
SharpnessN wDcks.&Gloster 
‘Birmnghm. Navigatn.| £303,782}| Stock |100 | | 16 | } . 16) 16 | ‘ 1 Nov. 85) nil since | 

Do 5 % ¢ preference A £109,500) Stock |100 11005) 1004) 20) 1005} 99} 419 6 101 00 5 Sep. 85) 5 Mar 86 5 Sep.86| 5 Mar87) 

Do 54 % preference B ...| £100,000) Stock /100 | 99 | .. nad 101 | 215 6] ... 54Mar85| 54Sep.85| 0 Mar86| 5}Sep 86 
Sheila Can (Man, S&L) 704) Amts|100 |. | | + he « loa (Converted into ML, 8.|&-L. Rly 4|}% deb stk 
Staffordshre& WorcesterCni.| £210,000! Stock |100 {1013/2101 |100 [100 | | 102 0}103 5 Bop. 85 | 5 Mar86) 5 Sep.86| 44Mars7| 

Do 44 % debenture stock] £177,635) Stock |100 |112 )113 jI11 [112 | 112 118 nit 44July85| 4$Jan. 86 4iJulyS6 4}Jan.87 } 19 
Stourbridge Canal 300) '20'| 90 O64) «| | OF 6; | ... | 2Augs5| 2¢Feb.86| 2¢AugS62,4Feb.s7) 
pues Comes 400,000 80], 812 794) 80 80 3| 82 | 76}|16} for 82/17] for 83)174 for 84) 7 efor 85, 249,499 
Warwick & Birmnghm Canal. 1,500, 100 |100 | 7H 72) 7 = oe | 6} 72} 71 ES May85| 3 Nov.85 ove 3 Nov.86, 


OITY LOANS, &0. |————— 
Aberdeen Gas Annuities ...| 26,000 24 ou 74] 73) 5} 74) 648/10 AugS5\10 Feb.86)10 AugSé|10 Feb.87| 
ao 104 | 6 July85) 6 Anas 6 July 86) 6 Jans; 


Auekland (N. Zealand) Har- 
£143,500| 100 |100 |106 1106 \104 |106x) 
£150,000; 100 {100 |108 |109 | {107 108 | 106 31109 107 | 5 Oct. 85) 5 Apl.86) 5 Oct.86) 5 Apl.s7 
Auckland (Cit £100,000) 100 (100 {115 {120 |110 [115 } 1218 | 6/120 |:10 | 6 My. 85| 6 Nov85| 6 My . 86) } Nov86 
Do 6% co City} ‘ero. 1930... £123,600) 100 100 |1244/126 1123 1244) 125} 01126 {123 | 6 My. 85| 6 Nov85) 6 My 86) 6 Novs6 
Do 5% debentures, 1934... £100,000, 100 |100 |107 1108 107 |108 | 198 i110 106 | 5 July85) 5 Jan.86) 5 J a 86) 5 Jan.$7 
Bir. Cor. UG. & W. Ann. ../110, 1671p. ajn.] peir 11 | 289) 283) 283) 283) 28% 9, ‘ 287) 2831 £1 ae, 84\£1 for 85/£1 com 86) £1 for 87| 
Do 34 % stock (at 98) 1946 £3,500,000, Stock |100 |103 *|103§ 103 (103g) 103} 9 103$)102 | 34July$5| 34Jan. 86 3hJuly86 | 34Jan.87 
Bischbera Corp. consol 4% £613,700) Stock |100 DLZLN2 JALLZLDIg 112 6112 lll | 4 July85 4 Jan.86) 4 July 86) 4 Jan.87) 
Do 35 % £402,300) Stock | 1100 | 994/100 983100 | 98% 6101 } 984) 3}July85) 3}Jan.86) 34Ju y86| 34Jan.87, 
Boston(U.S.)5 ¥% u(1% ak-fd. 99) £684,100 100 |100 |104 {107 104 1106 | 107 3107 \102 | 5 July85| 5 Jan.86} 5 July86) 5 Jan. 87) 
Do. 5 ¥, red. 1 £400,000 100 1100 1194/1195 116$)1163).1163 | O12 |1164! 5 Oct. 85) 5 Apl.86) 5 Oct.86) 5 Apl.s7 
Do5%, taeued at OIG, 1893} £1,000,000) 100 (100 |109 |109 106 106x' 106 
Bricbane 5X Bageeess; 1891 £121,250! 100 100 |104 |105 [104 |105 | 1043 | 
Bristol Corp. 34 % deb. stock £312,616) Stock |100 |1013/1017|1004, 10081 1004 , 3 
Bradford Corp.4% deb. stock| £1,568,437 Stock |100 uy 1124 11041115) 110} | 8 
Christchurch (N. Zealand)6Y | 
District Drainage, 1926| £200,000, 100 100 124 125 124 |125 | 1233 | 4 
Cape Town 5tDeb.(1%sk.fd.)} £100,000) 100 100 104 105 |103 104 } 104) | 
Cardiff 34 % Stock £250,000 ‘Stock |100 98 | _ 973; 984) 983 | 
Clyde Nav.Trst. 4% fnd debt ey | Stock |100 | 103 | {103 te 103 | 
Corp. of Lond. bds.34%,1886-8 £2,500,600, 500 100 ‘100 11004 1100 11008 
Do 34 % redeem. 1891-5) £2,223,000) * |100 /1004 101 |100 hood 101 
£310,500 } 100 {100 | 97_| 98 | 96 | 97 | ot 
i 


mM 
Ww HH 


> & & & 
me hme Mh 
bw) 


em O Ceom BOP 


"Ge Oe Cod. be be be Codn ts Ore & Ss 
hm 


9111 }106 | 5 Oct. 85) 5 Apl.86] 5 Oct. 86) 5 ApLs7. 
0105 101 | 5 My.85| 5 Nov85) 5 My. 86) 5 Novst 
0|1013}1004) 34My. 85| 34Nov85 34My 86) 34Nov 86 
ce 104} 4 Oct.85| 4 Apl.86} 4 Oct. 0 4 Apl.87 


25 |1194) 6 Jne.85| 6 Dec.85) 6 Ine 86) 6 Dec.86 
¢ 108 103 | 5 July85| 5 Jan.86| 5 July86! 5 Jan.87 
6 988) 969| 3}July85) 3jJan.86| 3}July86) 34Jan. $7) 
$103 |L02 | 4 My. 85) 4 Nov85| 4 My. 86, 4 Nov386 
2 1004| 994) 34% : 34% | 34% 
9101 {100 | 34% 345 34% | 34% 
0 98 | 96 | 3% 3% 
A101 |100 | 34Sep.85 34Mar86 34Sep.86| 3) Mar8i) 
61005; 99 3hJne. 85 34Dec.85) 34Jne. 86; 34Dec.86 ase 
6) £10 in 83\£10 in 84/£10 in 85) £10 in 86, My&Nv] 


he he Be Be 
mS Os t% OS SO % 


hh Mm 


Do Com. of Swrs 34%, 1905; £1,000,000) Stock |100 1003101 |100 |1003) 100 
Croydon Cor. 34% Fad. stk...) £400,000, 100 |100 1005, 100} st LOO}! 
Dundee W ater, 10/ Annuiti 3 Total annui ty £14,315 277 | | n.d 1277 
Dunedin (Otago) W aterwrks 

6% debentures, 1925 ...) £109, 100 100 (100 120411234 1209 1214) 1214 | 

Do Municipal 6 %, 1906... £91,600, 100 100 107 113 [115 (113 15 | 1134 


wOVeVV SCHON 


mm 


3122 \119 | 6 July85| 6 Jan.86) 6 Ju! ve 6 Jan.87, 
9115 a | 6 July85\-6 Jan.86| 6 July86) 6 Jan.87 
9108 |105 | 5 Oct.85| 5 Apl.86) 5 Oct.86) 5 Apl.si 
Gi 855) 84 | 3 Aug85| 3 Feb.86| 3 Aug.86, 3 Feb.Si 
3/168 }164 | 6 My. 85) 6 Nov85| 6 My. 86! 6 NovS! 
103 |101 de 5 May86, 5 Novs6 
6} 2554 2474) 9 My. 85| 9 Nov85| 9 My. 86. 9 Nov 86 
0/1874 1828, 6My. 85} 6{Nov$5| 6}My.86) 6{Novs6 
6; 114g 112 | 4 My. 85) 4 Nov85) 4 My.86) 4 Nov56 
1134/1114 4 My. 85) 4 Nov85) 4 My. 86) 4 Nov86 

sa 101g 34May 85 34Nov 85| 34My. 86) 34 Nov86 


$|97\93| ... | 4 Mar86) 4 Sep.80, 4 Mar87 
6 113 j111 | 5 My. 85) 5 Nov85 5 My.86) 5 Nov 86 

Fo 4 July85) 4 Jan 86) 4 July86) 4 Jan. 87 
01015 100 34July85| 34Jen.86) 3;July86 3)Jan.5/ 


01104 101 | 440ct.86, 44Apl.87 
boo 4 gs 4 Jan. “ 4 July86, 4 Jan. 83 


Do 5% consolidated 1908} £312,200 100 |100 107 |108 |106 i107 107% 
Edinburgh City Debt £313,446) ... |100/ 84 |... |...) 84} 84 
Edinb.&Dist.WatrTrustAn.| £414,000) Stock |100 | 167 168 164 |164x| 168 
Gisborne H.Bd.5% Loan,1914| £200,000 Stock |100 |102 i103 101 i102 
Glasgow Corporation f 9%} £300,000) Stock |100 |250 (2554'250 [2514 

Gas Annuities . 63 £115,000) Stock |100 | 186 1186 1828/1828, 
Glasgow Corp. Water4l Totalanaui — 114 j112 {L12x) 

Do funded debt 100 oy 1113) 
Do 34 % stock, 1914 £1,000,000. ‘Stock |100| toad Load 
Greymth Hrbr Bd. 4% dbs., 

1925, Gtd. by N.Z.Gvt} £100,000 100 100 | | 96x 97 | 96/97) 95 
Hobart Town 5% deben, 1 £100,000, 100 |100 112 113 ul M12 | 112g 
Hull Corporation 4 % deben. | 100 1 100 — | 

Do 3} % debenture stock £500,000 Stock /100 101 ig 6 | 101} 
Invercargill (Boro’ of) 45 % 

, dakentares, — sper -_——~ 0 | 100 103 1103 ‘101 |101x! 1023 | 
nservancy eb. stk. i Stock |100 | | | 

La Guaira 7% deb. stock ...| £300,000 Stock |100 | 984 984! 90 | 97 | 97 L014 7 Dec 86 

Leeds New Gas debt, 44 %... | 100 ‘100 983, 984 ou 117} 115 | 3 78 Atty 108 | 44 July85| 4}Jan. 86 44July86 44Jan. 87 

Do 4% deben. stock, 1926) £1,895,570! Stock | JOO 111g 1123 4119 1123) 1123 | }3 9 91125 M11 | 4 July i 4 Jan 86) 4 Julys6 4 Jan. 87 

Do 34 A 7tock nr £170,370 Stock | ‘100 ‘101 HOw 101 tong) 101 | $10 C102. 1003! 3iJuly85| 34Jan. 86 34July86 34Jan.87 

Water 4 {%deben. stock; £875,913 Stock. 100° 4 Jul oa 4 Jan.86) 4 July86 4 Jan.$7 
Liverpool Corp. 34 ¥ stock| £6,000,000! Stock '100 1034 hoa wih | 63 ee 043 7 9/1044'102§| 3}Api.86 34July86) 34Oct.85 3}Jan.87 
London ‘Ontario)5%deb. 93; £99,800| 100 |100 105 106 |105 {106 6 0/106 \03 | § Jne.85| 5 Dec.85, 5 Jne 86 5 Deo.86 

Do 6% Wtrwks.debs.,1898| £66,788 100 |100 ll tu 1074/1074 1108 2 $113 |1074 6 Oct. 85, 6 Apl 86 6 Oct.86 6 Apl.87 
15 9|1014) 994! 33Fuly85, 3{Jan.86, 32July86, 3jJan.S7 
? 
8 
8 


Mmmm Re me mM 
DC ® Pate me O FEM OV 


> 2 * > i tectiiies te bet Coden ee Sets Gate te So tat te 
Si ou 


esate cma eaceser a thre enna aaa aaat ta cpt tea aici senate inane etiainageaetats 


s. 8-0 





8 
4 
5 
$ 


Longton 33 % Stock, 1932... £100,000 Stock |100 101 (1014,1004/101 | ... 87 
Lyttelt’n( MZ. )Har.6%,1929 £200,000 100 |100 114 JS 114 [115 } 1144 6117 113 6 July85, 6 Jan.86) 6 July86 6 Jan. 88 
Aa rE 86 4 oer 4 Jne.86) 4 Dec. 


Cor.con. 5 
Manohstr. 49 debt | £3,775.735, Stock 100 1189,118$.1185)1183) 11 
Manitoba (Province ag 5, " : ‘ 183) 118? | $ 
; | 5 Jan.86, 5 July86 5 Jan. s 


debentures, 1910 £233,300) Stock '100 | 107 109 hor 109 | 108g 9109 |106 


ie 






















April 30, 1887.| THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL. 

























MISCELLANEOUS COMPANIES—Continued. 


en 





































| Carrnar, |_Mowrm. | Last aie. a a. | Divivexve. 
: " | >, 1 oie | Om atlatest 2 a [Resrv. & 
NAME. bie , Amt.) E/E) E! 2 | nes? a (si 8| Last Four. 
v.& jof Shares.) Shar es Par, i 7 8 a | Done. PerCent. = 3 | haa gy ing jLast Div. 
. aft, my ee _—_— | a a eT SSS 
Diy. \ | , a £0 | 
— {ITY LOANS, &o.—(Con. 125,000} 100. lung 114 109 1114, 110 4 0114 108 | 5 My. 85, 5 Nov85, 5 My.86| 5 NovS%} 
eliarne debe 1806-1907 £200,000 100 _ oz 108 | 1106 |107 | 1074 ‘ 3 6108 |106 | 44My.85, 45Nov85, 44My.86| 44Nov86@,  “” 
. ar fico toee 1915... £150,000! 100 |100 |103 |104 102 103 | 102) | 3 29 3104 | (100 | 4 May36| 4 Nov86) ~~ 
ek H ‘Trust 5%1908 £500, 100 100 [113 [as | 13 115 14g 4 7 9115 |112 | 5 July85 5 Jan.86 5 Julys6, 5 Jan.87 
yelbourne Har: 1938 | 2 we Lg, [07 i109 107 109 | 1083 4 0 6109} ies | 4}Jan.86 4) July86, 44Jan.87 
Do 44 2 Tat 43% dbs 1914) £500,000} 100 \100 |107 |108 \107 108 | 1073 | 4 2 6109 105 | 4July85 44 Jan.86. 4) July $6. 44Jan.87 
Dole 34 Y%consls. £17056012| Stock 100 |1073|1091 1079 109; 1093 3 3 91095 1065 ee 340ct. 86 sian. 8 3hApL 87) 
ie i stock | £9,000,000) Stock |100 | 99}! 994 98599jx, 99} | 3 0 9 993 98 | 3 Feb.86 3 My.86 3 Ang 86) 3 Feb.87) 
* Do 3 % consol. stoc 1908 £100,000] 100 |100 |105. (106 |105 106 104 | 4 2 0106 103 | 4jJuly85 4jJan.86 43) y86 44 Jan. 87| ‘i 
1,109 se ae mor £300,000 100 1100 | .é | se Eee .. | 3éJne.85, 3¢Dec85 3}Jne.86, eee i 
0 33 % BROCK 2... ..s.cese ees in 108 109 1095 4 7 9109 105 5 My.85 5 Nov85 5 My -86, 5 Nov a 
1,100 MME vfontreal5% (Lae 1608 £500,000 - H00 08 | peaads 9 08 5 # 1094) 106 | 5 an 85] & Bes 6 ‘6 5 Novesl 
: Dolsia( 9) by 1909) £200,000} 100 |100 |108 109 108 | £10 0 109 |105 | 5 My. 85, 5 Nov85, 5 My. 86 > meres . 
3,798 Do 5 18, sabe ieee 1914) £70,000} 100 \100 {112 |113 (111 2 | inet |& 4 6115 111 | 6 July85, 6 Jan.86 6 JulyS6 6 Jan.87)  — 
Rapier (Bompelae Aateieee: aaneaeel tala (ee) 103 101 |102 | 102% | 4 29 0.104 100 | 5 July85 5 Jan.86 5 Jaly86, 5 Jan.87 
Mie Coe 3ustk toes] £450,000} 100 |109 |t01 102 |100 101 | 1003 | 3 70 6102 |100 | 3iJne. 85 34Dec.85 34 Tne. 86, 34Dee-56 0 
Sw iymth Har6% dbs, 1000 £200,000 a0 i208 13 | re 112 U3 | | WS | 6 4 Olle 109 | 6 My. 85, 6 Nov35. 6 “My. 86 ov 
New York City 6%, red. 138 133 13 35! 63 1 85 6 J. 86 6 July $6, 6 J. 87 
} oi a & 2 l 131 my an. an. ’ oe 
coups. payablont/l pr 15,000,000) $100 te 281 iat 3 4 g138 ‘122 | 6 My.85, 6 Nov85. 6 My. 86 6 Novae] ~~ 
New York City 6%, red. 0s “o> Stock | bee $73) 874) 853 8633} 863 3 9 3) 873) 354 3 My. 85, 3 Nov85, 3 My. 86. 3 Nov8é a 
Hottinghale Comp. Se atee® \td.}:£265,000} 100 \100 |104 105 103 104 | 106 | 5 16 6107 1193 6 Aug85, 6 Feb.96 6 Aug86, 6 Feb87) | 
" Cn eae ent. roneee 100 |190 109 {110 109 110 | 1094 | § 79 9112 108 | 6 My. 85, 6 Nov85 6 My.86| 6 Nov a 
a Do 6%, 167M NOIS® =. £60,000, 100 \100 |!134)114) 1135 1144) 112° 6 27 G1174111 | 7 Aug3S 7 Feb86 7 Aug86| 7 Feb8i} ~ 
‘ daar 1% Waters, wok £150,000) Stock \199 |1124 113411221134, 118g 71 6.1135 1103 1 —— sail ss —~ resol Foner “ 
ana A ? t ‘« ‘ 2 e 
9,430 [ToGas& Water eet ab per ld) ... 23) 28 | 27 i 214) 272 | 3 i2 oa 27 ~ nr - ' ik 
¥ Otago Harbr. Brd. 6 % de 105 103 | 1042 5 14 3107 |103. 8 July85, 6 Jan.86 6 July86 6 Jan.87; .. 
oil 1 % drawing from 1880 ae no 100 = hd 113 its 4 <a 6b ‘ a ‘112 | 6 Jaly85 6 Jan.86 6 July86) 6 Jan. 87| ‘ei 
Do6’,,1881,red. 1921 | £100, a toe 103 |104 '102 |103 | 1024 4 28 6105 [101 | 5 July85 5 Jan.86 July86, 5 Jan.87) | 
Do 5% debentures 1921... £200,000 ab 100 (03 |104 102 103 | 1024 | % 79 o105 (102 | <i July86, 5 Jan.87)  -~ 
Do 5; consol. bud, 1934) £102 720] 100 (too fits (116 (115 [116 | 114° | 4 ze 9146 {LL | 6 My.85, 6 Nov8s, 6 My. 26 6 Nov86) 
Wave | Jaap sea) tee 7 6} 100 jjoo [l13 (l14 112 113 | 1114 3 22 114 |110 | 6 My.85, 6 Now85 6 My. . 
Sterling oans \ red. 1893) saa [100 12} |121 118 19x 118; | 4 8S 6121 |S | 6 Oct. 85, 6 ApLs6 re 
Do6 % do, redeemable1904; £92,400 |L00 ia 115 114 115 113 | 4 ; 
Do 6 %, redeemable 1895..| £62,000} 100 )100 . 


Paisley Gas 63 % Annuities £40, 


Stock }100 | «| er | ee | ee See ae et | GJuly85 6jJan.86 
PortElizabeth 6%, W aterwk: | 


| 


0, 

6 

6 

5 

5 

6 

6 

6 

O115 ft | 6 Jne.85 6 Dee.85 7. 

| : 
~ 

100 |100 107 107 105 105 | | 105} 5 

3 

5 

6 

6 

6 










































, 5 13 6108 105 6 Sep.85 6 Mar86 - 
Loan (1% sk.-fd.frm.’85)| £100, 103 |101 102 | 1023 4 29 0106 |100 .. | 5 Dee.86 ie 
Ps Louis (Maavitits) 641924) san Pep 8 904 1004] 1008 3 77 i 98° 35July85, 3jJan. 86 se 
ieee Cg 8 bonds) £287.09 Shvk tn | 40 108,100 168k 42 gui9 10r | § Janes Tans : 
, ‘190 {108 {109 10731 it 4 9 €110) “ 
| Quebec City 6% ite we £100, 7 }t09 108 |109 1108 109 108 473 0110 107 | 6 July85 6 Jan.86 | : tes 
| Dob %,"73,iss.at 102, re C00} 100 \joo {116 (117 (116 117 | 116} 4 75 O118 [114 | 6 July85) 6 Jan.86 6 July86| 6 Jan. oe 
| Do6 7,75, red. 1905... aaeawee 100 Ho 116 (117 116 /117 | 116¢ | 4 26 6118 \114 | 6 July85, 6 Jan.86 6 JulyS6) ake sea 
Rees ooo Corptn stock £500,000] Stock |100 |9}x 008 994| 994, 998 | 3 10 To 994 340ck. 85 3}Apl.86 sa jApL en 
Rome4% bonds by draws. by| 97 | 95 | 97x, 964 4 2 6 994, 95 4 Oct.85\ 4 AplS6 4 Oct.S6 4 ApLS7| 
| red. 1958, guar. by Italy| £720,000} 100 |100 | 97 1951 95x! 97 2 1195 | +. | 4 ApLS6 4 Oct.86 4 ApL8i i 
| Do,2nd & 3rd issues, 1960! £1,600,000} 100 |100 a a | 1109 |i10 | 1103 ; 8 ous 109 | 5 Jan 86 5 July86' 5 Jan. fa 
‘ShMelboume,City, 6% 1915) £80,000) 100 |100 1095 '112 107 |1095! 112 2g O12 107 6 My. 85 6 am 6 My.86 6 Nov86, ... 
|St Louis City6 %, red. 1893-5 £762, 200 (100 | 984, 93 | 984) 98} 3 12 6 985 963 3iJne.86 3}Dec. lon 
Soathmptn. Corp. 3), 1945) | £300,000) Stock 100 | 984) 984 | renee anti 
Sth. Stafford. Mine Drainage ee ‘isda 44Jan.86 4 an.87; ... 
£100,000] 100 nee woe | oe | ee peiese! | | dee | Ine 86 4 Dec. 
103 04 | 104 5 6105 103 4 Jne.85 4 DecS5 4 Ine. pn 
Stock Exchange4%dbs.,1911| £250,000}200é&c.'100 |104 105, 105 106 | 105 |S 1p 9 ee ios | 43JulyS5| 4iJam 96 43aly86 4iJan§7] ie 
100 105 | 106 il 9 > . : 
tNv} Stockton4}% mortgage, =k ee0n8DD deock nap 963| 97 97 | 964 96. 964 313 9 97 9% pe 34Jan. 86 ‘Deven stones a ie 
|Swansea Corp. 34 % stoc " oo Mt det 380 PS Py er ne.85. 44Dec.85 ne. ees or 
Swansea H arb. Tek 44%, deb} £628,460} 100 |100 | «. a ee ee oe ve | ue | owe | # Se. 85) 4 Dee.85 4 Ine 86 4 Dec 86 _.; i. 
| boat « debentures ......... £377,980 - ao 113 114 112 113 | 1123 4g “9 9115 112 5 July85y § Jon. 6 5 July9s 5 den 87 
Tay oe et. i610) 200000, 100 oo [LT [U8 LNT 8 | HS 5 x3 Sungp 115 7 JalySH 7 JanS6 7 JulyQs 7 Jan 6 ' 
, | 1103 101 |102 413 3) | icing 3 
| Dodlar rant og ee 1125|1124 1094 1095x112 | 3 26 01125 1094) 6 Ock.85; € ApL Ss; 6 Occ. 96; § ApLS7 
Toronto 6 % ster.deb. 1835-97 | reo 100 100 [116 116 113 113x 1173) 4 24 9120 110 6 Oct 85) 6 ApL&é “= : 7 F 
Do6sWatrwrks. 1897-1904 pee mm 100 |100 {112 [114 110 a1z | 112g) 4 22 9715 LO 6 i 6 Jan.S6 7 86, 5 Ian's 
| Dob /, sterling consol. 96-8) 113 112 113, 113 gE «S14 ALLS July85) 5 Jan 86. uly86, 7 
Do 5% gen. con.deb.,1919} £132,100} 100 |100 | |) ‘19g |io1 | 101 | 3 9 6102 | 99 | 4 July85| 4 Jam $6 4 July86) 4 Jan; 
bod Sstelng. bnds.,1922-3 = aaah ra 109 110, 1093/5 5 S11 109 6 Jue | a fone 
anganui Hrb.6Y deb. , 1905) Stock! 100 |! 09 |107 1084 1085 4 3 6110 107 4}July85\ 44Jan.86. ee, ~ 2 
River) WearComret}ziddbt| we ince bak oe 7 415/117, 1158 | 4 27 9117 TL | 6 Jne.85| 6 Dec.85, 6 Ine. 86, 
“Deere ee tee saaeaee 10000 seea st 119/121 | 120} | 4 25 9121g117 6 Sep.& 6 Maré 6 om 6 Mar 
‘*imprv ater. oa 
Westport Harb. Bd, 4% ‘debs. 97 | 954 96 | 9% 46 997) 4 Mar86 4 Sep. 86, 4 Mar; 
125, gu by NZ. Govt] £150,000) 100 100 oes 2 sing ns | 1173 | 4.15 3120 1159] 6 By.851 6 Novss| 6 My.86, 6 Novsé 
Winnipeg 6%, ROOF ».3005.65.. 100 100 109 |110 {108 j109 | 1094, 4 27 GIR 107 | 5 Uct.8:| 5 ApL 86 5 Oct. 86) pL87 
DoS %, 1OM....sssiccctsase. | £138,000| 100 100 A pe! 99; 904 | 3 10 86 34Sep.8¢| 34Mars; 
ae reer | £600,000 Stock sae 8 oo ——— — 
Alexandre (Nong rt& South ae | 7) 1638/5 8 | 4 
pncecais| 10022 lta |r | watt 9 neg hthee| ss 
4} ° 
Do4/debemture stock..| £225°263 Stock |100 1034 10641015 10151085 | a 18 9h | a | 
Bp ee £123,700 nee a | v se | oe | mi | oa | ni 
preferred ordinary...... yo es Ger oe ee i 
Do deferred ordinary «| £128,700 Stock)100 | “34 3 | 2.) 24 i, | 2, 5 —— ier 
Dr Dk se eeeseeoeeese * eereeee I 0 2% 2} 2 2 2% oa 3 Jal 0 ee 
Y UksCorp. of Lon. 6% pref 30,118, . 86 A 
bat and West India Dock| £2,385;500 Stock 100 a6 | ay 2a se = | 1. 86 4 July86) 
%, debenture stock.. | £1,288,500) Stock|100 | 854 631 64 6 6} 11 1 .85, 5 Feb. 86 
[Dy Dock aginngs 7,100 20'18' 6g 62) 6} 64 | 


sa om eR Oe A en ne 
re mm eee haat renaae — 

att — 
———— = 


THE INVESTOR'S | MONTHLY MANUAL. | [April 30, 1887, 


a 


_ MISCELLANEOUS COMPANIES—Continued. 


t Pricks oF THE we 7 Piser| if wens jenn 

Monta, ivs. y 1887 er 

me ie a oe De 

NAME. Number ;A™*- | | — —, 18 | Seat Doms, ae 
E | El BE | Done | esry, 


of Shares. |g | ‘sl Per. ol a Rate % per 7% ng . maadiing Bonus. |Bince.afd 
: ‘Last Diy, 


-|—— 


| Cartrat. 


ee ee ‘esaRere paneer 
| a 


DOCKS—(Oon) aj 
Hull Doc | £1,621,400! ol 354) 38 | 83 | 4 45 | 33 | 2A Tulys 2}Jan. 86 1 July86) 0 Jan, 37 
Da preeeiie stock ......| £361,233! Stock |100 | e we DS | 4}July85) 4}Jan. 86) 4bJulys6) 0 Jan, 2 
~ % debenture stock. £604,220 Stock 100 994 005 96 974 bx’ 97 6106 | a 4}Sep. 85) 4}Mar86| 44Sep. 86) 4}Mars7\ [ 37,895 
+ ‘debenture stock.. £699,053) Stock |100 955) a 93} weg 1013 6) 102 | 934) 4 Sep. 85; 4 Mar86) 4 Sep.86) 4 Mar8s7 
King nn Dk.ordnry.stk.| £59,308! Stock | 100 a g | 3 _— 83; 3 Mar84) 3 Sep.84| 1 Marss) 
fan Dic ondary ati £5,756,697 | Stock |100 35 ‘6 | 35 | 36 | 36 4 87 | 32 | 1gJuly85; 2}Jan.86) 2 July86) 0 Jan.87 

Do 44 % preferential ......| £420,000! Stock |100 | 953! 96 | 943) 96 ; 53108 | 945, 4July85) 44Jan.86| 4}July86) 44Jan. 87) | 

Do 44% new preference, '78 £600,000! Stock 100 | 924) 95 90 92}, 97 $103 | 90 | 4§July85 ae 44July86) 44Jan.87| | 3>590 

Do 4 % debenture stock...| £1,562,500) Stock |100 |101 |102 101 102 | 102 3/1074 100 | 4 July85) 4 Jan.86| 4 July86| 4 Jan.g7 |’ 

Do 44 % new pref.,’82 600,000 Stock 100 | $43) 86 | 83), 84 | 834 | 3; 99 | 824) 44July85) 4$Jan.86) 4)July86) 44Jan.s7! | 
Milford Docks ordinary . 25,000! 10/10]... |... |». nil, | 92/87) nil. nil. nil, | 

Do 5% debenture stock...|_ £133,000! Stock |100 | ... | 92 | 87 | 804} 89 : io tom il. nil. nil. | 
Millwall Docks | £599,700 Stock |100 /63}x) 65 | 62 634, 63 6 763 62 | 3 Sep.85; 64 24Sep.86| 6 Mar87) 

Do 5 % preference £490,000) Stock |100 [1149116 113 [1144 i 6120 (112 | 5 oo 5 Sep.86| 5 Mar87, 

Do 5% perpet.deben. stock} £420,157) Stock |100 12551198 | 123 /1255 1314123 | 5 July85| 5 Jan.86| 5 Julys6| 86| 5 Jan.87 
Newhaven a tae 20,000' 10 /| 10 114) 104) 11 1 “10 102 2 9 114) 104 4 July85, 4 Jan.86; 4 Julys6 4 Jan, i 
Southampton Dock £361,577 Stock |100 a5 28 | 23 | 254! 24° ; 30 | 23 0 Aug85| 0 Feb.86; 0 Aug86) 0 Feb.87) 

Do 44 % Ashentens stock; £236,950) ‘Stock on 1024/105 100 1025) 104 9 1054 a | | 4July85) 44Jan.86) 44July86) 44Jan. 87) | 


eS eSsessesesesoc 


> 
= 


—=> 
a.6ee 


= 


weeseoes = hl COCUDEPlr 


Do cons. preference £542,637) Stock |100 70}x, 73 | 68 | 70 | 68 6) 75 | 4 Aug86| 4 Feb. 87) J 
8a Commerc). Dock, ord. | £964,813) Stock |100 |1264'128 125 (1265, 126 | e142 98 | 6 Oct. 85 10 ApL86 6 Oct. 86 

Do Parcel ting 4% pref.| £154,000! Stock |100 |154x! ... | -.. 14 | 0 ... | x | 6 Oct. 85/10 Apl.86) 6 Oct. 86 ; 

De 4 debenture stock.| £140,000) Stock |100 |1274) ... |... (1274) 1274 9 | 440ct. 85) 44Apl.86) 440ct. 86) 44Apl.37) 

na Operas £248,000) Stock |100 (LIS | ize 118" 118 aaig ive 5 Oct. 85) 5 Apl. 86) 5 Oot. 06 5 Apl. 8) 

GAs « WATERWORKS. a rr ea pai | ——'|—____|___. i 
Airdrie & Coatbridge Water | oy |. han) a 4 O .. 10 July85\10 Jan‘86/10 July86)10 Jan.87 
Alliance & Dublin { 10%max | 10 193 19% 189 lags Shai 183 10}Oct. 85|104 Apl.86|1040ct. 86|104A pl. 87, 
Consumrs. Gas | 7 % max! | 10 | 14) | 13h 13hx' 135 | 1 Olaiy 134) 740ct. 85 74Apl 86) 740ct.86) 74 Apl.87) 
Antwerp Waterworks, Lim | 20 16 16 a“ ia we | 18 | 14 | 5 Jan.82| nil beltween 2} Mar 86 
23 ¢ 24 | 22 10 May85\10 Nov85|10 May86)10 Novs6 
25 | et 8) 234) 25 jlo May85|10 Nov85|10 May8610 Novs6 
se we | oe 74May85| 74Nov85) 74May86 TpNoves 


mS mS 
‘Set = K&S 


Bahia Gas, Limited | 2 
Do nap preference 20 
* — Doi 20 

Bath GasL: dnt & Coke stock! 

(max. dividend 8%) 

De dividend, limited to7 % 
De Class E shares, 7 10 
Do Class F shares, 5 % 10 
Bombay Gas, Limited 5 8 Jne.85) 7*Dec.85| 8 lex 86) 7*Dec.86, 
Do New, 4th issue 5 8 Jne.85; 7*Dec.85| 8 Jne.86 7*Dec.86) 
Bournmth. Gas & Water, ord. | 10 Bet es bok 1 tel bn ee (te il Angee Feb.86)11 Aug86 11 Feb. 87 
10 veo | see | soe | coe | ose eee 7 Aug85| 7 Feb. 86 7 Aug86 7 Feb.87) 
Brentford Gas—Consol stck. 228 (223 (2255, 9232 1223 11}Aug 85/114 Feb.86)11}Aug 86 11}Feb.87| 
Do new stock £110,000 Stock 1653 6172 | 163 5S ances 8} Feb.86 8}Aug 86! 8}Feb.87| 
Deo 5 % preference stock.. £50,000) Stock 20 120 12 5 Au 5 Feb.86) 5 Aug 86) 5 Feb.37 
Brighton& HoveGenerl.Gas| 11,000, 20 ah 43 | 4i |10 Sep 85.10 Marse 10 Sep.8610 Mar87| 


7 Sep. 38 7 Mar86| 7 Sep.86\ 7 Mar87 
7 Sep.85| 7 Mar86| 7 Sep.86) 7 Mar87 
5 Sep.85; 5 Mar86; 5 Sep.86) 5 Mar87 


eee 
eee 


nnseee SSsSsssa 


21,480 


10,365 
13,196 


8 Sep.85, 8 Mar86 8 Sep.86 8 Mar87 4 


7,500| 20 oie 7 Sep.85, 7 Mar86| 7 Sep.86| 7 Mar87 

2,500 20 | 20 ny 6 Sep.85| 6 Mar86| 6 Sep.86, 6 Mar87, 

£426,250) Stock 2064/2064 iy 204x 204 01207 |2024'10 Sep. 85/10 Mar86)10 Sep. 8610 Mar87, 

i 8,000 57}, 574) 56 '563x 563 3| 58 | 56410 Oct. 85/10 Apl.86)10 Oct.8610 Apl. 87 
Do 5 % pre ok. £100,000 ls 

384 38) sit sija 38} 


| 5 Oct.85, 5 ApL86) 5 Oct.86) 5 Apl.87, 
De ordinary shares, 1872 000) 3 39 372 10 Oct.85)10 Apl.8610 Oct.86,10 Apl.87, 
British Gas Light, Lim. 19,000) | 4 ae | 44x! 44 3) 46 


111}0ct.85 11ZApl. 86)1130ct. 86 11ZApl. 87, 
— Consumers 10%ord 5,000, . 19 | 26 22 O| 22 ‘i 19 ow. {LL Feb.86)11 AugS86/11 Feb.87, 
| cateas 900) 134 = 3 - t ~ 
875 : 5 





Seaiitasiael 


oe 


Gece: : 


© OS: Or & Har we 


Mas 


7) 144) 13 | May$5|10*Nov85\10 May86) 6*Nov86) 
6112 |107 | 6 July85) 6 Jan.86| 6 July86) 6 Jan.87 
6| 28 | 26 ote 8 Apl.86| 6*Sep. Y36/10;ApL87) 5,908 


| | 
6 6/104 100 | 6 — 6 Jan.86| 6 July86) 6 Jan.87) 


hme he 
te ™ GO DS teow: 


pen New) Gas, L. " 0 | 6| 15 8 Feb.86| 8 Aug86) 8 Feb.87 
nos A (New) Gas, 7 

Do 6 % debentures £138,500, 100 108 109 |107 |108 2 4 

7,500; 20 264x| 27 | 26 | 263| 264 
Cantareira eee a 1 
dy 


Drainage, Li £127,000, 100 1014|104 |1014)103 | 1034 | 6 1 
Chelsea Woon = — Pn on oy 2362 | 3 12 $2063 226 | 8 July85  8}Jan.86| 8}July86/ 8jJan.87|_... 
Do 5 % oe tees £150,000 Stock oe te 5 July85| 5 Jan.86| 5 July86) 5 Jan.87)  .. 
ntti } £160,000| Stock |100 bis 4July85| 4}Jan.86| 4}July86) 44Jan.87| 
nitd Gaal — 192) 108) 1024 1984, 199 9200 |190 10 Aug85,10 Feb.86)10 Aug86)10 *Feb.87 
Do B and C (7 % max. se | bist Boas | re 17 7 Aug85, 7 Feb.86| 7 Aug86| 7 Feb.87 } 6,664 
De 7 bas 7 July85| 7 Jan.86| 7 July86| 7 Jan.87 - 
i | nil. nil. nil. nil. | 2% 
6 July85| 6 Jan.86| 6 July86| 6 Jan.87| 
3 Mar84| 3 Mar85| 4 Mar86| 6 Mar87| 
I Oct. 85| 2 Apl.86) 240ct. 86 SbApl 87) 
2 Jne. 83| 2 May84 2 May85| 2 May86 } a 
7 Jne.83| 7 May84| 7 May85) 7 May86 
6271 263 1133¢0ct. 85 133° A 86 1340ct. Y 86 13 Apl. ee 
9210 |2024/104 Oct. 85|10}Apl. 84|1040ct. 86/104 Apl. 87 
9\1234'120 tiDee.85 44Jne.86| 44Dec.86 4;ApL8i 
6| 414) 38 | 8 July85\14 Jan.86| $*July86 14 Jan.87 il 
| 285 27 | 8 July85\14 Jan. -86) 8*July86 14 Jan. 87, 5 9% 
3} 35 | 32 | 7 July85| 8 Jan.86| 7 July86) 9 Jan.87 
$204 197 |10 Sep.85,10 Mar86 10 Sep.8610 Mar87 
9} .. a 7 Sep.85| 7 Mar86| 7 Sep.86) 7 Mar87| | 63.982 





A oe 1 |=) - | st yy 

10,000) 10 9 8 8 | “93 0 “sal 8 

7943) 10 ‘gs ce ai a 

- ¥%,450} 10 | 10 

Com.Gas(10% with £550,000) Stock 2674/271 sina 

Do newstock (7 7 £125,845) Stock |100 |2074/2094/2023 2024x2094 

Deas % dcboteecade 1214|123 |120 2} 120 
40 | 402) 40 | 409 


% 
Continental Union Gas, Lim. at 5 


peng pod peed peed ped feed od pet 


—¥ i} 33 
Pa my 2024/1994 1994'x204 
stock ... 143 | .. = br 1143 . 143 

ue od | 


de AGRA 


= 


| 

wk i 
»245) 184x' 185, 18 | 18} 
ecedanhon’ Waterworks...) £1,720,560 19435|199«|1943 1994) 
Edinburgh Gas 7,100) 60 | 70 | 60 | 70 | 
45 | 524) 45 | 524) 

21y 22 | 214} 22 
74) 16 | 16 153 16 16 
10 | 5 | 103) 1 10% 102 


7 Sep.85\ 7 Mar86| 7 Sep.86| 7 Mar87 
| 6 rm 85) 6 Mar86, 6 Sep. 86) 6 ee 
3 57 | 5 i. Se 85110 Mar86| 10 Sep.86)10 Mard/| 
3 19 | 18 |10 Sep. 8510 Mar86\10 Sep.86/10 Mar8? 
41901189 7hJuly85) 74Jan. 86 74July 
| 574/10 Aaeésllo'F ee 
3 524 8 Aug . ) er 
3 | } soo 





Cr G Gr Se So Lo OH 
heh 


iW teDAanAow: : 
eee ee 


| 23 | 21 |14 Aug8s5 
i | g*Feb. 87) 
0 17 jolie aus Aug "Feb. 87 


5) 114) 10914 Augss; 8*Feb.86,14 Augs6 

































B87, 
ad 




















































































173 
MISCELLANEOUS COMPANIES—Continned 
a a Last yrs. Prices Op tatcte 
APITAL, ONTH. divs. yld_| 1887. 
ec, a taal a Dvestor | ee rn 
NAME, Number | A Par| #| 3 z 13 | seus a Si Last Four. Resrv. & 
of Shares, |.,0° | Par. | 7/8] @ | Done! Price, | € | § Rate % per Annum, including Bonus. {Bince.aft 
Share. | a 3 S [rerCont, to 1.3 * Interim, Last Div, 
Sie er ee | | [zs aed an 2 —_. 
TAT one W ORKS.— Pail gies hoo 180 bes lire 178x! 18 j s I i | lg Mayss\ 64Novgs. 
‘Ide Wtrwrks © Max, UU) ‘ sOx; - J 178 | 6 Maygs) 85) 6 | 63 
0537 mao s £107,672 Stock ‘100 159 /159 1157 pars ve | 4 Z 2160 157 6 Mayas, einer hMasee BiNoe } 4.539 
Gas Light and Coke ( 6 lata alee: | Bs. 
Foote at 3/9) A Ordy,) £5,467,800| Stock [109 93,21 94/237 240 | e404 | = 6| 97472812 Sep.85'12 Margglio 86 
a steak a CED ee EE ve £100,000 Stock /100 923x! 95 | 90 | 944 | 46 7 Sep. 85 4 Marge 4 sep Sate Mar87 
Dol0%C, D, and EB pref.. 665,000 Stock |100 2504253 '248 2503) 251° | 49 02 248 10 Sep. 85 0 Mar86 10 Sep.86/19 
| Do7} 4G preference ._ £60,000’ Stock 100 1814)184 /179 1814) 183 (4 2 6/187 179 | 74Sep. 74Mar 86, 74Sep. 86) 7 Mar87 
| geno, Do7 % Hstock .......... £1,300,000 Stock |100 1623 16431624164; 165 | 4 6 1595) 7 Sep. 7 Mars 7 Sep. 86 7 Mars7 
75823 Do 10% J stock ......... ,000, Stock |100 2484/25] /2484 249; 251 | 4 0 gl255 247410 FP. 85110 Mar 86/10 Sep. 86 
Do 4 7% debenture stock. £1,061,150 Stock |100 113 |Ll4 113 1t4 | 1132 | x Hl fill 4 July85| 4 Jan. 86, 4 July86 4 Jan.87 
Do 44 % debenture stock £294,850) Stock /100 |}2) 122 /120 ji | 121 | 3x4 9122 120 | 4$Julyss an. 86) 4iJulys6 
Do 6 % debenture stock ... ,000 Stock /100 162; /1634 162 163%) 1624 | ¢ 73 61634160 | 6 Jul 6 Jan. 86) 6 July86) 6 Jan 87 
6nd. June. Waterks. 10% max 14,000 50 | 50 122"/1254/ 129 1244) 1253 | 3 76 $1253:1173 94 July85, 94Jan. 9bJulys6 9}Jan.87/° 
Do Oe sccm, eee, 195) i ast fen: Det | 9Jan. 86, 94 Talyag 9}Jan.87) *~ 
by Cal, Kendo) gy 8200 100 [100 ad fa | Hie | 5 "Solas has GPRS Zhan j Suu 2 Tan 7 
irims! »4tandB,.... toe | J ] ep.85) ar86/10 Sep, 
‘DC AandB..... ane 100 |100 |i64 a “+ | oe [104 hhega| © S859 Lee ines 
¥ ; Pete ee BIC re l 7 Sep. 84 64Mar8¢ 85! 59Mar 
| ( 74 74 319 @ 78 74, 7 Sep. 84 62Mar85 sisce ee SiMe 
20,000, 5| 5 “eal “aa S88 S814 6 of 7} 637 Sep. 84) 64Marg; 5#Sep. 85) 53Mar 9g 
4,500 10! 10 68x; 63 63) 64) | ove o§ 6) 7 Sep. 84/ 6iMarg5 5}Se 5§ Mar 86 
ome 18) 7 Fede > ag | |? Sep.ee 6tMar85) 53Sep 5 5} Mar 96 
7,000, 10 10 | 33 | 95 se | 20x} 215) 6 oof a | Be ize for 8312 for Balan 12 for 86 
ap sinebieendanee 550, 25 | 90 9 | 70 | 6 18 gl re /178July83i17 uly84!17aJ. 
Imperial Continental Gas... £3,500,000 Stock /100 218 /216 (2) 218} 85/10 
Kent Waterworks ....0 £708,000) Stock | 
Do7% new shares, 1885,. 















8} 
35,000 10 1?) 12x 
lambeth Vtrwks(max.10%) £1,043,800' 100 , 


65 
218 j204 |10°7 
2523/256 |250 2543! 256 | 3 79 9/256 
| gee 0) 8 194! 15 1! | ut 4? . 13} | 6 Novgs 
imberley W, ks, 2 2 ; | 194 ov 
Kimberley Waterworks, T, ad 2243/2004 2944 2994] 230° | $ 
(maximum 7 ORR oie: a 100 














j 2294/2244) 74Julyg5 
/1864/ 1873 | 4 7 6189 184 y 

fe debenture stock) £200,000) Stock |100 /115°/L15 1123')) 2 

ntd.GasLght. A stk 


> 4 Maximum—B gtk 
Malta & Mediterran. Gas, L. 
7 % preference 








Mauriti ag Gas, Limited 


























(220 / 2194 | 4 27 glaay 216 10 Augs5| 
158 |160 | 159 162 11563 7 
6}; 54) 6 | 











































ug 7 
54) 5 Jne. 85) 4*Jan.86) 6 Ine. 86) 4* Jan. 87 
wee Bathe FE ose DP ose. for ve [3 Ine. 86) 7 Ine. 86) 86 
ao 13) 13 | 13) 1%, pry ow | °*Mayés 3§May85) 23 Maygg 
Metropolitan Gas of Mel- 
bourne 5 % debt, Mei £510,000! 100 /100 U11 /111 |109 |ogy 110 | 4 7 GLY /108 5 Oct. 85, 5 Acted « Oct. 86) 5 Apl.87 
Yontevideo ea Limited. 27,096; 20 | 209 18 | 193! 18 | 19 I9;6 6 3 193, 173) 6 Mays5! 6*Dec.85) ¢ My. 86 6* Dec.86 
Newcastle - y n- Tyne and S 
Gateshead Gas ann ee £450,000| Stock |100 |is6 | ... | ... leg 388 | 416 s190;)189 | 9 ay 85) 9 Feb.86! 9 Augse| 9 Feb.87 
\ewcastle& Gateshead Wi, 390) Stock |100 /218 /218 210 j214x 214 | 34% I218 210 (3, Aug ss) 83Feb.86'73*4¢" 86! 84Feb.87 
ew River (new shares) es 100 100 3344 3383/534 3384 3 il ¢/5384'3324/123 og go 24 Reb.86 124 ay. se otree ee 
4 % debenture stock.” 145/116 /113 1153} 3 20 olitg 13} 4 Augss| 4 Feb.86) 4 Augs6 4 Feb.87 
B 4% debenture stock! ‘380 1145/116 }113 (143) 1152 | g zy F116 [L124) 4 Augg5) 4 Feb.86) 4 4 96) 4 Feb.g7 
Oiessa Waterwrks-A shance 30 44) 38) 33 | nil, 53) 38) ni nil. nil nil, 
DB aM ses snnsen 874 824! 9! si? sf 308 lat gh aal 5 86) 5 Julyse| 5 Tg. 
8 2} 873 uly85) an. u an. 
ital Gane piare bond. of] a 91 9) 93/5 °3 ¢ 93! 93| 8*Inc 12 Dee.85| 8*Ine 86|1 Dec.86 
Nai i 83/83) 83) 83/414 1 8?) 84) 8*Ine. 85/19 Dee.85 8*Jne. 86/12 Dec. 
oe | af ee 8*Jne. 85/12 8*Jne.86/12 Dec. 36 
et 7$| 64 151g 9 74) 64 8 Apl.83| 8 Oct. 85) 8 Marsg 8 Oct.86 
pens | on E daa | ea ° July 86) 64 July86| 63 Jan. 37 
3}! 4 nil 43) 34) 5 July82| § Feb.83 5*July84) nil since 
fe! ni 2 sh 2} 84; 2 0 Oct. 36 
49/519 og}. 540ct. 83/ 540ct. 84 540ct. 85 86 
slag 6 May85/ 6 Nov85) 6 My. 86) 6 Novs6 
oh oa ~- } ..» | 6 Jne.85| ¢ 85) 6 Ine. 86 6 Dec.86 
106 /103 {1043} 105 | 5 Z5 6/106 /169 + | 6 Jan.86/ 6 Ju 6 Jan. 87 
4] 249) 244/38 9 gh . }10 May aellgnee 25 10 Ap 0*Oct. 86 
44/145 15%) 6 18 6 154 143,10 May 85 10* Oct. 85/10 - 86/10" Oct. 86 
FR ae =| di [5 vo 1}My. 86! 5 Ma 
5 [216x 216 | 4 12 6221 |ai5 10 Oct. 85/19 Apl. 86/10 psy 
214x} 219 | 7 75 6|220 214 /10 Oct. 85:10 AbL 8g i 
ots j2l4x/ 214 | 4 723 gaia |: 
154} 154) 143) 15x 143 
68 | 67 | 68 | 63 
334) 34 | 334) 34.) 34 
#17] 17 
514 
168! 16} 
§)/10g 104 





x 103 
(L1¢) 124) 123 
- he) 123/124 








855 M . 86 
5 Jan.86 5 J 'y86 



















5 Jan. 87 
uly85) 5 Jan. 86 5 Julye6, 5 Jan. 87 
3g) 38) «33 #) 54Sep. 85) 5 Mar 86 54Sep. 86) 5 Mar87 
1/308 '302 |305;! 304 30 44Mar86 '154Sep. 86 154Margz 
paotiaaiioe: aot 2425 ‘85 119Marag'12 apt Mar87 
100 |265x/270 |260 |265'| 2602 | sp '2¢Mar8613 Sep.8613 Mares 220359 
£450,000 Stock ‘100 132 i134 (130 (132 ion 85, 5 son. 86 5 July: Jan. 87 
000! 120x'121 /129 {121 | 19 | 
pe 8 £24200 Sock Ag 1119x120 /119 120 | 119 | 
i £98,750 Stock |100 |130§ 130$'1303 1303! 1304 
Do 


jt<9 1295 
55,363 Stock.|100 Ho AML 0 1/1177) 110 






C&D £70,000! Stock 1100 '1294'130 129 \1294) 123 
4% beature aan £1 





_ THE INVESTOR’S MONTHLY MANUAL. [April : 


MISCELLANEOUS COMPANIES—Continued. 


“sa oo 1887. Divipenps, 
es A — TO 
at Latest! i FE | Last Four. 


Seu. pedont| Rate % per Annum, including Bonus, Blnce 
: Last Dj 


A 
GAS& WATERWORKS.— (Con: ) | £ s di | | | ieeaok 
Southwark& Vauxh’ll Water Sal ) : 
—Ordinary (10%max.)..| £742,300 Stock /100 155 168 155 167 4 1607 | 3 11 9168 153 | 7 July85 6 Jan.86 6 July8¢ 6 Jan.g> 


Do £10 shares (10 % max)| 16,000, 10| 10 / 10 16 y%4) 10 | 16}; 163 | 3 12 916%) 94) 7 July85! 6 Jan.86 6 Julysg 4 J. 

Do £10 saree mac}! £126,800, 200 [100 Eee 150} | 3 16 aris | 7 July85) 6 Jan.86| 6 Jule 6 ens | 

Do 5 % preference stock ..| £489,200] Stock |100 |130 | 180 | 130° | $17 5138 130 | 5 July85) 5 Jan.86) 5 Julys6, 5 Jan37 | 

Do 44% deb. stock £260,665) Stock |100 a8. | oss (1253) WOE) S14 0} . | + | Oot 85) 4$ApL86 440ct.86, 44 Anis; 

Do 4}% debenture stock) £94,316) Stock |100 “ ee | F pekabo 440ct. 85, 4}AplL86 440ct. 86 4}A 11.87 

Do 4 % debenture etock...| £127, '019| Stock |100 “| . 3 Si sinaale | 4 Oct. 85) 4 Apl86! 4 Oct 86. 4 ASL : 
Sunderlnd&S. Shields W ater! £267 ,500 Stock 100 loe7x, (297 225 5 (225 | 225 z 6 237 233 ‘10 Mar85) 9 Sep.85,10 Mar8é 9 sé 86 
Sunderland Gas—Original.. £90,600 Stock |100 |203 (203 198 1198 | 198 0'202 198 10 Sep. 85, 10 Mar86 10 Sep.86'10 M : 8 ss 

Do additnl, sh—S8} %max| £52,500) Stock |100 [171 [171 | ar 168 | 168 | é 8171}168 | 8)Sep.85, $}MarS6) 8}Sep. 86) 84Mars7 f 87 
Sutton,Sthetes,& Dryp'l Gas 5,906, 10 | 10 | 155) 16 | 15 | 15d 153 | 3) 16 | 15 | 740ct. 85) 7hApl. 86, 740ct.86, 7hApl. S7/° ge 
Tottenham & Edmonton Gas | | i 

Light & Coke—original 12,000, 5 i 5 Obs Il | 10 / 105 10 | 9 UL | 10 ‘104Sep.85 '103Mars6. 11 Sep.86 11 Mar.87 

Do—new ordinary 2,864) 10 F va i fieee vie whee Db obele T he eae 74Sep. 85' 74Mar86 § } Sep.86 8 Mar.s7 

Do do 3.136 10 10 a ee | one pos) ideas | ose i| sone 85) 8 Mar86' 8 Sep. 86) 8 Mar87 J 
W Middlsx Water(10% max)| £1,155,066) Stock |100 2524/257 1} 2523/2574) 255 62574245 [12 July8510 Jan.86 10 July$6)11 Jan.87 
Wolverhampton Gas '£98,960) Stock 100 |197 79)200 195 1975 1974 | “206 (195 10 Aug85'10 Feb.86 10 Aug86 10 Feb.87 

Do 6 % preference 10,000 7) a 7) Tt) 78) 7+) 6} 6 Aug85) 6 Feb.86! 6 Aug86! 6 Feb.s 
Wolverhampton W ater,new O4, 54) 5) 5f) 5 4) 5 | 4 Sep.85) 4 Feb.86) 4 Sep.86) 4 Feb 8° 
Worcestr New Gas Lt.('46-8) 8) 2,500 [ree | eee | ovee | cee | ee Joaes [oe tic Aug8s 10 wUn86) 10 Augs6 10 Feb.87 


—— a | enn 


Carsrai. 


—_———.. 


a | PRICES OF Tak | Last yrs. |PRicksor, Fe 
= Ee 


ee 


y ob 
NAME Number wn) £ 
of Shares.| stare \o rn 


a ora A Fo. Oboe ae eee 


Cet Grin 


IRON & OOAL & STEEL|008. | | | 
Andrew Knowles & Sons, L 25, 23) 3). 1 cade | 4} 29, 23 for 83 i for 84) 0 for 85! 0 for 86 pt29¢; 
Armstrong, Mitchell,&Co., L. 1158 156 1585) 1584 | a Ié 9160 mae 9 for 83, 7} for84, S$ for 85 94 for 86 44 
Arniston Coal, Limited pee fovee | 4 | 4 | 517 @,,. | \10*Mays: 515 Nov85 10*May86 15 Novs6 18) 
Barrow Hematite Steel, L. : } 44) 45; 5} | . | 6h 4h) 74 for 80) 8 for 81| 6 for 82) nil since . 
De 6 &% Pref. i ont 4 94) 84) 6 Jul res 6 Jan. 85) nil s!ince 
Bolehow,Vaughan,&Co. Lim. | O8)¢ 10}, 94 2,Ap 85) 0 Oct. 85) 24Apl.86:25 for 86 ) 
Do fully paid A} 7ax) j 19 | 17%, 2pApl. 85 0 Oct. 85) 2bAp 1.86)2 24 for 96 | 879 
Do 5 % preference 2 19} 1938) 193 | 6 O 3, 20} 1948! 5 Aug$5| 5 Feb.86) 5 Augs6 5 Feb.87 j ; 
pds Iron, Limited 50/40/45... | 50 | 40 | e 
rntable Gas Coal, im,.. 103; 93 103) 10 ul 14 0 1044 oy) 0 Dec.83 a1Dec. 84| 7 Dec. 85 | 12 Dec, 86 1.06 
Charles Cammell & Co, Lim. 834) 843, 50}.S14x 80} | 7 7 § 84} 79 |10 Apl85) 5*Oct.85. 10 Apl.86) 5*Oct.86 
Do 5 % debentures eee 1034101 |101x. a $3 19 0 jlo 101 | 5 Sep.85. 5 Mares 5 Sep.86, 5 Mar87 j 64,08 
Clyde Coal, Limited "3 2fe| 28) 24), 2a | 2% 2 | | nil. |5 Aug 6 
Consett Iron, Limited 5 74) 183% 19 | 18} 184 | 1» 194) 18 gAugS5\og*Feb. 86 134Aug86 63*Feb.87 15,01 
Consett Spanish Ore Co, . 53) | shh ‘ q 5}, 53) 15 in 83 | 32) in 84 | 363 in 85 | 425 in £6 " 
Ebbw ValeSteel, Irn&Coal,L 74,475 20 | Gye) 6a) b +» ‘| 9% St) O Dec.81) 14Jne.82) 1}Jne. 83 nil since, 10, 
Fife Coal, Limited 9/11} sso | ose | il J il 11g) 11 (10 Au 85! 5*Feb.86 10 Aug86) 5 Feb.87,_. 
Gt. Westrn Colliery, L.-Ord 5 | Six, 54) 64) 5% 10 Apl.8410 Oct. 84/10 Ap. 86.10 Oct. 86 
Do 10 &% preference shares 5} 7h 74 | 74 6} 10 July84 10 Jan.85 10 July86 10 Jan.87 
Hallamshire Steel & File, L. 15 | 144) 149) 5) 14), 14 10 Jne.83/10 Jne.84 5 Jne. 85) 3hJne.86 ., 
Hamstead Colliery, Limited 20; 44) 4) 4} oft! a 
Do Preferred shares 20 04x! 20 3} 205) 20 Wain & for 85, 2} Aug86 21Feb.s7 j 4 
Heary Br gad Peo 15 | 124 HA s 5 | 2hAug83) 0 Aug$4) 0 Aug85) 2hAng36 | 
and Co., B sors. 15 | 84) 3a 0 3 24) 2hAug83 0 Aug81) 0 aoe 2hAugs6 f° 
John Abbot & Co., Limited 100 | 75 | 64 | 0| 65 | 63 | | 6 Se . 83) 6 Sep.84' 6 Se 5hSep.85 203 
John Brown & Co., Limited 100 | 75 694) 70 j 69 | . 70 673) 8 July85) (55 "Dec. 85) 8 Falyss 54*Dec.86 120,60 


j | 


ea ea hee 


> &AMOORSnOe 


Kelbam Rolling Mills, Lim 1}; 4) 1) 1] gy l 5 May83' § May84) 24May85| 0 May36 Dr. % 
Lehigh & Wilkes-Barre Coal i, a a y53 5 MayS4 2}May | y 

6 % 1st Mort. gua. by Cen cS. | | 

tral Rail. of New Jersey 10031100 |102 | 98 |109 | 102 ¢102 | 98 | 6 May85| 6 Nov85| 6 May86 6 Nov86 
vi & Tondu, Limited... 8,600 | #1! i a : 14 2 To | be 
) 4 | 


445 1) 1) | nil, ls} 64 yeland up. 
} 


j } 
10 | 26 041 of, 2 24 | il. | 26' 2%| nil. | nil. nil. nil. 9 
| 10 | 103}... 108 | 0|... | ... 10 Jne.84/10 Ine. asho Jne.86 10 Dec.86, 
Marbella 10 38 “38 3x4) 11:12 9 47s 38 3)Mar84)14*Mar85|_ 0 Mar86) 4 MarS7_ 10,13 
1g 13) 13) Sit oad 13) +! : 74 for 83) nil since... 
Midland ee need 4ixi 48) 44) 43! q 43) 4h! 74 for 83) 7 for 81| 4 for 85) 4 for 86! 
see 12 log 11 | 104 104) ug 104 7H for 83 it for 84) 4 for 85) ‘ for 86, 
Monkland Iron, Limited ... ie nt yes bee In liquidation, | 
wt ey ee , | | | 
im., preterence 2) 464) 444 44}: | 474) 44 J Ip.|s. Nov., 86) 13! p.s. A pril, 87 
shares 2.500 oo Fa Meo : pre | eer |e 


; io 
} Us" De. sia’ Apl. 85 1/3* Sp. 85) nil since; 1,4 


| 6*Dec. oan | 8 July85 4*Dec.85, nil since | 309 


5 Last A ae ious div. jpaid in 74, 1}Feb.87, 
es \4 for 86 


' “Last sien 10% July 83 | 12,0060 


: Con, Li si 
New Shariston Colls., L..prt. : i 3 
Newton Chambers & Co., L “ 4) 142 2 15 | 14}! 
Xe 18x vee | WO4) 18 

23 ped 2 
. : 

Park Gate fron Compan aes a 404 74, 6§May85| 4§Dec.85, 5§Jne.86) 24Dec.56 a6 


inen, Leaited ° A" 62. mm 46}| 454) 6 Sep.85| 6 Mar86, 6 Sep. go] 6°MarS1 
ee ; ‘ tee ; 254) 254) 5 Sep. 85 0 Mar 86) 2 Sep. 86 0 Mar87) } 19,56 


ee Iron, Limited . i 0 Aug85 nil sjince 


BS 
... | 0 Sep.82) 0 Sep.83) 0 Sep.84' 0 Sep.85) 


0 July84| 0 July35) 0 July$6 | 91,00 
0 July84) 0 July85, 0 July86) j 9 
| 103 p- 85) 4 Mar86| 4 Sep.86, 4 are 425 
33 .82) 3 Sep. 83| 24Sep.84, 0 Sep oa ’ 
ot 82| 2 Sep.83| 0 Sep.84 0 Sep. 85 i 64,15 
a g gakay § Jaye) § Jans 
5 Jan.86| 5 Jaly86 6 seul 
| | 
| 





April 30, 1887.] THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL. 175 





SS 


MISCELLANEOUS COMPANIES—Continued. 


jLast yrs 

a \divs. vid 
Investor 

at Latest 
Price. 


PRICES OF THE s| PRICESOF 


CAPITAL. 1887. 


DIVIDENDS. 


NAME. Resrv. & 


Blnce.aft 


Last Four. 


» 


Number | Amt. 
of Shares. 


Ince. af 


sast Pj 


0 
Share 


FOAL & STEEL 0108.—Con. | 


21. & Mercer } Prf. 
"Lisi } Def. 
Hott een Company 7 (stock) 
Po Preference shares 

erne Ironworks, Limited 
baveley Coal & Isom, Latin ft 


Do 


Do do “ 


nl (Scatland, i. 
ompny of Scotian 
a t Louisburg Coal ia! 
F Railway, Limited, ord. 
9 Ist preference 
: side Tron and |) Ordy. 
Engine W orks, L. j Prefer 
redegar Irn. & Coal L.A, sh 
Do do Bsh. 
sncouver Coal Mng&Lnd.L 
‘-kers, Sons, & Co., Limited 
¢CumbrindIrn. &Steel,L, 
‘liam Cooke and Co., Lim. 
illiam J ene AA & Sons, Lim. | 


AND AND ND BUILDING OOMPAN mh, 


ansasV al. Lnd&Cattle,L 
ome Lab.&Gen. Dwel. ay 
Lo 44% preference, 1879... 
justralian Agricultural 
Australian Mining (Chartd)| 
ritisn American Land 
british — 
ada Compan 
‘2 nada N forth West Land,L. 
attle R anche & Land,L, pri 
otral Argentine Land, 
ity of Aberdeen Land, Tr 
Dundee Investment, Lim... | 
lansford Land & Cattle, L. 
Hudson’s Bay 
mperial Prop. Invest. Lim.. 
mproved Indus. Dwlings.,L.| 
owa Land, Limited . 
ww Corp. of Canada, Lim. 
n.&S. Afren.Exploratn, L. 
Matador Land & Cattle, L.. 
Metrop Assoc. for Improv. | 
DwellingsofIndus.Classes 
Missouri Land & Live Stk.,L! 
atal Lnd. & Colonisation, L. 
Do 8 % preference 
Sg Land and Cattle, J. 
Newfoundland Land, Lim. 


\. Zealand & Austral. Land, L} £1,250,000 
ref. (cumulative); £1 000, 000 


Do4 % 
NZealnd " hamesVal.Lnad.L 
‘rth. British Australasian, L. 
Nathern Agricultural 
el River Land & Mineral,L. | 
Platte Land, Limited 
Powder River Cattle, Lim.| 
Do 10 % Preference 
Prairie Cattle, Lim 
Scottish American Land, L.| 
Scottsh Austrin Inv stmt, L. 
Consolidated ordinary. 
Dob, p ceenentonn ney. stk) 
Dos / %, do 
South Australian Cidipsiip, 
Swan Land and Cattle, L. .. 
Texas Land and Cattle, Lim.| 
’an Diemen’s Land 
Western Land & Cattle, 


Do 5 ¥ Preferr ed | 
Weg 


ee 


37, 837 
35, 780 10 
5,530 
10,000 
6,000 
3,100 
6,000 
3,100 


10 
10 
100 
100 
60 
10 
10 


10 


10 
10 
60 
10 


10 


10 
10 
£299,210 Stock |100 


10 


184 9 ' 18 


43 

750, 000) Stock 
24,000| 25 
3,200| 50 
7,687, 50 


2) 5 
45 | 3 


-B} 
103 
10 | 10 | 105 
25 214) 1223) 
20 sit 


10 | 10 


_ 
oo mao 2 
al 


oa 
Palaueut 


130,000 
5,290) 
25,000 
41.948 
100,000, 14 
25,000; 10 
£500 ,000) Stock.|1 
15,000, 20 
25,000 5 
100,000| 4 
50,000) 10) 


7.688 25 
30, 30,000 5 
10 

10; 10000 5 
22,800; 5 
50,0001 3 
Stock |100.| 48 
Stock|100 84 
10 0 5 | 24 


_— 


1 


o 
~~ 


] 
4 


25 | 


73 
6 
FE 


| 


Bar asull ee 


48,000 
£116,983 


8, 
£600,000) Stock S100 
13,600; 10 | 10 
32000 5| 5| 
10,000; 10 | 10 
60,000 10| 5 
5,000 a 7 | 


£400,000; Stock|100 (200 | 


Stock 100 26) 
444) 
84 


1174) 
613 


£400,000! Stock |100 
14.200 20 | 20 
10! 6 1] 
48,000; 10) 5 | 148) 
9,100; 30 30 | 25) 
£100,000 Stock|100 | 724 
£100,000) Stock - 714 
22,400, 5 + 


£200,000) Stock |100 tarda 129 (1314! 132 | 





75,000 


| 


—— 


LANDMORTGAGE, FINA NOIAL, AL, & 6 


Aberdeen Heritable Securi- 
i tesInvestment, Limited 
ftieul. Co. of Mauritius, L. 
erican Freehold Land 

‘ Mort. of London, Lin.. 
Mer. Mort. of Scotland, L. 


Australsn. Mort. & Agency »L 


‘stralian Mortgage, Land 
and Finance, Limited. 
® new shares 


Do 4 ¥ debenture stock.. 


25,000 


40,115 
42,800 


150, 
80, 
20 


2 
0 
20 23) 
10 14 
23, 
19 | 
13 | 


25 


“mASURIIORERuetteeenenermeersee ee ae 


614. 


603, 61 | 


108 10} 103) 108! 


68, 68) 


13! 
| 8| 


1 | 
7 


i ees 
35 13 1) 


100 219} 215 


5 
3) 


iL | 
H | 


“a 12231274) 1254 | 
i. 


134 183| 
| 184) 
Dian tine 


210 2124) 200 


| 43 43) 
2# 3 | 


30 | 233) 234) 2182 2b 


' 

| 104) 10}! 
' 104 103: 
a 1;| 
30x! 
f | 2h) 
3. 84 
i! 


vow | DY 


'|PerCent. 


le 12 

6 ie nil, 
3h | nil. 
23 


—| 
é | 


108 | 4 13 
3\11 
1g | 6 0 
32 1s 0 
23 \f£ O 
835 4 15 


4% ; 
t esx 120° 125 | 120 


103 


13) 
103} 10}) 10 | 


4} 
25 


SB sss 


8? 


4} 


6} 


10 | 10} 
1} 13 
10x 


33, 33 


} j } 
| 93 | 93 


ose | UZ 
63 73 
6 Fe 


2. 


48 


29 
54 
85 


‘200 | 


‘i 

| 45 

eeu ee 

2) 25 

| 24 | 964 

443 54) 
83 | 83 


O48) Seah idid oR) 


‘ 
84 


195 | 195 


“83 | 


a Wt 1 1g i 


199 


120 j115 '1174, 116 


644) 
24 


| 26 | 
724) 


3 2H: 
\+De! clar'ed but not paid’. ) 


~—_—— 


2} 


1tg 


27) 


4 


5 | 
000, 25). 3 | 
.| £1,450,710 —e re 1045 ‘102 104 | | 
| 6,089 of these are £10 paid. 


614 
li 
18 


644 
2t 
1 
244, 254) 
65 70. 
714 

3 } 


10,125 3 x 
l iE} 


2h 
lj 
2} 
18} 18}. 
| 12} 124 


24) 
ij?) 
25) 


| 


i 
104 


Rate % per oe inte including Bonus. 


R 
S 
A teviaa. Last meee 


d 
2) 14). | pee 
tt i | 
ail ao’ 


47}, 40 0 Oct. eeteinie duel Far Debit 
ome 5 Oct. 83) 5 Oct.84| 0 Oct. 85, 0 Oct. 86 
| ; nil. ni. | ~sonil. nil. 
8) 61 | Sig 43Sep. 85) siteh of 63Sep. * 34Feb. 87) 
6| 98} 9 | 44S8ep. 85| 3;Feb.86| 64Sep.86| 3}Feb. 87 
3\ 63}; 603) 43Sep.85| 3} Feb.36! 64Sep. 86) 34Feb.87 
6| 104| 104) 4§Sep. 85| 32Feb.86, 6%Sep.86) 34Feb.87 
6 4) 63:11 Oct. 85) | TASep. 84 4 Sep.85! 4 Sep. 86 


25,201 


16,243 


”,) ¥ 
1} mS. 
9} 19}, 18}; 4 Aug83 1}Aug84| 3 Aug85| 34Aug86 
6; 19 | "3 4 Aug83) 14Aug84 3 Aug85! 3hAug 86 
43) | 24 4May81) nil. since} 65,778 
olzis. 1925 15 for 83'14 for °84) 14 for 85 | | 14 for 86} 66,305 
4 s Last Gvidend paid in | 1882 Dr26,070 


a 16, 
S| 24 dias for 83) 5 for 64 | 34 for 85/5 for 86 20'697 


i peewee Fac 


| Ly y7* 10 Dec 83 Nil since |Dr19,697 
0 113} 10}| 5*Sep.85| 5 Mar86| 5 Sep.86| 5 Mar87 
6| 11 | 104| 44July85| 4}Jan.86| 4}July86| 4}Jan.87| ¢ 24,594 
3/1274 1194)234J uly85 20,%,*Fb86 20’, Jly86212*Fb.87 
0 93 | ont jlape 83/1, Aug84) hafatee lt; jsAug86; 
0; P 84. LA P85, pl. 86,14/ ApL. 87!per s 
0| 4h 2| 7 Feb.84| 6 Feb.83| 34Feb.86 2 Febsyh a 
2} 88 | 83 husstysang 13! Jan.86| 2/July86) 2/Jan.87'per share 
4 24 54Jne.83| 0 Ine. - 0 Ine. 85) 0 Jne.86 
1%! fs} 15 Feb.83/10 Feb.84| 0 Feb.85| 0 for 36|Dr76,302 
10*Jan.86/20 July8610*Jan.87| 24.770 
0 Aug84! 0 Aug85| 0 Aug86 167 


0; Zi, Site July85)1 
| 5 Apl.86| 5 Apl87} 20,086 


| | 
gf a] + (10 Apl.84) nil cae ‘i 
Bac 10%6 Fane paid A pril, 1883} 7 


} 47,485 


3 8! st 0 ane 


1 ii 6 Feb.84) 7 Feb.85, 0 Feb.86) 0 Feb.87/Dr82,390 

3| | 234 214), 22/ps \July 84 | 0 July8515/July86| 50,949 
4})i 10*July85)20 Feb.86 10*July8615 Feb.87; 20,966 

0 195 ‘118 | 5 Aug85! 5 Feb.86| 5 Aug86) 5 Feb.87| 149,360 
6, 108 9} 3tJne. 85) 5 Dec.85) 34Jne.86, 5 Dee.86 3,184 
1}; 1 '10*Nov82/| 64May83} nil | since i 

03 9730 Sep.8630 Dec 86.30 Mar.8725 AplL87| 
34! 8 for $3; 6 for 84 7 for — for 86 


~ 
~ 
_' 


18,090 


| 93 | 5 Ine.85| 5*Dea.85, 5 Jne.86, 4* Dec.86 
| 17s 10*Apl. 8410 Oct.$4+5 Oct.85) nil. since 
4 | . | 8 Jne.82| 2}Jne.83} nil. sin 
53; 8 Apl.84) 8 Oct. 84. 5 ApL85)| 5 for 85 
14) | swe | 6 Bob, O85) 6 Feb.86 
i nil. } nil. | nil. nil. 
| 45 | 3¢Dec.83| 3hDec.84 0 Dec.85| 0 Dec.86 
| 84 | 4 Dec.83\ 4 Dec.84| 0 Dec.85) -14Dec.86 


4 3 Dec.82| 3 Dec.83 4 Dec.84) 0 Dec.85 
449/20 AplL85; 740ct. 85, 74ApL 86; 73 Cct. 86 
83 | 3 *July85, 3 Feb.86, 2*July86 3 Feb. 87 
of 5 July85, 5*Jan.86, 5 Saly86' 5* Jan. 87 
#, 5/1 per share paid ia Feb. 84, \nil since. 
8 10 My.83)10 Nov 33:10 Nov84/10 Nov 
a 20jJan.84\10 Jan.85 10 Jan.86' ‘Nil Jan87 
10 Feb.82)10 Feb.83, 0 for "i 3 for 


ales 


Ph hee 


22 
ro woo SF 


ope 


S 


COR oe 
ora 


eS 


to On 
_ oo * 


4 
LE 


$205 | 195 10 May85|10 Dec 85) 5 Mays) 5 Dec.86 
6 135}, 129 | 6 July85 6 Jan. 86 6 July86, 6 Jan.87 
6120 115 5 July85| 5 Jan.86| 5 July86 5 Jan.87 
9 644) 60 |15 July85\15 Jan.86 14 July 86 14 Jan.87 
| 244, 14) 9April $410 Mar85 6 Mar86, 0 Mar37 
24 1 12} ¥eb.84, 6 Feb.85 5 Feb.86, 0 Feb.87/Dr82,238 

c 26 | 24 | QhApl84 2Apl.85 2hApl.86) 2}Apl. 87 
01107 | 65 (25 Feb. 85) 5*July8510 Feb.86, 5 Feb.87 
9} 744) 714 5*July85, 5 Feb.86 5*July86, 5 Feb.87 
3 a 7% to Dec. 84 | 4 =" 4 for 86 
§) | Bonus. 


o 18 14 104Feb.s4 oyrehas 104 Feb.86 10yFens7| 4,300 
3 lh 1 pe Jne. 8515 Dee. 85 15 Jne. —— 88,000 


9 04! 2 ‘10 A 1.85/10*Oct. 85 10 ApL86:10*Oct. 86 18,442 
| 148 1) 8*Now85| 8 May86 8*Nov 86 8 May87, 20,830 
je 3 2t eT 12 Jan.06 8*July86 12 Jan.87! 68,814 


6, 17420 May85.20*Nov85:20 May86 20*Nov 
3/13} 11}... 20*Nov8520 May86 20*Nov 
9 1044 101 | | 4 Jalye 4 vente 4 re 4 Jan.8 


} arene 





THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL. 


MISCELLANEOUS 


PRICES OF THE 


B 
a 


LAND MORTGAGE, &o. 
Austra. & N. Zealand Mort. L 
Do Deb, Stock 
British & American Mort., 
A : 2 


24} 4) 


6 13 
| 4 40 


08} 


pe 


44621 
British & mr Yealan ort 

gage an cy,Lim 
British Canadian Loan and 

Investment, Limited ... 3], 4 
Ceylon Estates Invst. Asn.,L sea 1k 1§ 
Colonial & U.S. Mort., L. 54 
Colonial Invstmnt. & Agency 

of New ,Limited 
Colorado Mortgage & Invest- 

mentof London,Limited 
Credit Foncier Egyptien ... 

Do Land Mort. tures 

Credit Foncier of Mauritius, 

Limited 


Debenture Corporation, L.. 
Dundee Mortgage and Trust 
Investment, Limited .. 


6 0 
411 
8 0 


> 3 
= 


Sa 
an 
~ 
xS 


a) 
cs 


y % 


na 
e 
oS 


Oe Ww 
Ped ae 
~ 


Equitable Loan of Scotland 
Freeholder’s Company, Lim. 


a 
— 
> 


Ms 
36) 


or ce 
= 
Vom ABAD 
~ 3 
@ Se Fw DS WN 


Irish Civil Service Per. Bld 
Land & Mort.Co. of Egypt, L. 
Do5 = ears debentures 
ence 
5% deb’64-66, for 30 yrs. 
Land M 


Bank of 
Victor’ Ennited 


Land Securities, Limited ... 
London Financial Associa.,L 
Manitoba Mort. &Invest., L. 
a ee Credit and 


S 
~ 
“ 


— 
= CO 
= 

RO Be 


a 


National onalSlortenge Agency 


Newde South W ales Morte 
Loan, and Agency, 
NewZealand Agricultural,L. 
New Zealand Land Mort.,L. 
New Zealand Loan and Mer- 

cantile Agency,] imited 24; 3y) 4 
Do.4% perpetualdebentures| £: 100 | 96 | 97 
New Zealand Mort. & Invest- 
ment Association, Lim. 
New Zealand Trust& Loan, L. 


anions L 
eae Eprom wet 


e, Limited 
Nevin eritable Securi- 
ties Investment, Lim... 


Zealand, Limited 
Otago & Southland Invest. L. 
Queensland Investment and 
Land M Lim... 
Do 4 % Perpetual Debs... 
River Plate Trust, Loan, and 
po 8 aan af tay 


3%; 33; 4 | 913 
96} 96 | 965\4 3 







sds nil 
134 
28 | 284) 28% 
1%! 1% 


2h} 2h 


at 


123) 13 125 9 
6 8 


1th) 
onl 


Sm 29m mw — wow Raw 


™~ 


i 
RES SHRN 


2 


BS 
a) 


Done. |por Cont, = 
&.8 


nil, 


OEL! 


7 13 10 


__lApril 30, 1897, 


COMPANIES—Continued. 


Last yrs. PRICESOF ———_ 
divs. vid, 1887. 
usi. | LBVestor 

at — 


DivipEnps. 


a Four. 
Annum, includi 
* Interim. ing Bonus, 


(Resry. & 
[Blnce aft 

|Last Diy 

di ‘ ir ae 
#/ L0*Oct.85)10 Apl.86| 5 Oct.86| 5 4 18 

98 Shralyse, 45 Jan. 86 4Julys6| ‘aden. 8" 


3 E Rate % per 


Bi 


si 1 | é 
6\100 } 21,50 
10*Sep. 86.10 Mar.g;| 
3Y 10"Nov85| 10 el vortteveal 104.576 

. |74*Sept84) 74Mar85) 0*Septss| 0 Mar8&\{ : | 


4 | 34 6 July85; 6 Jan.86) 6 July86! 6 Jan. 8; 


1g) 14 , 4}Jne.86 
54) 574/10 Aug85/10 Feb.86 10*Augs6 10 Feb 87 


13} 1 | 8*May85)/10 Nov85 ee Novs86 


3§|  34)124July85)10*Dec.85/10 July86 
6}, 54; 74 in 83) 6 in 84) 6 in 85 
84 | 5 Oct.85) 5 Apl.86) 5 Oct. 86 


93; 8} wa 85)10 Mar86é re 86/10 Mar87| 
44; 33 ate 7 July86\13 Jan.87| 


34) 3) |10*Sep.85|10 Apl.86)10*Sep.86/10 Apl.97 
44) 4 |10*Sep. 85/10 Apl.86 10*Sep. 86/10 Apl.87 
88 a 85 SHAD. .86/55*Sep. 86/54 Apl. $7 
1 74*Sep rae r86/74*Sep.86) 74Mar87| 
144138 10 Sep.85 10*Mar86/10 Se - 86/10 Mar$}| 
1 nil, nil, nil. _ | 
33; 34; nil. 24July84) 4 July85 5 Julys6| 
53) 5 | 5*July85) 5 Jan.86/ 5*July86/11 Jan ei 110.783 
219) 18 | 5 Jne, 85; 5 Dec.85) 5 Jne.86) 5 Dec.8t} 9115 
2/ 14] 6 Jne.83) 5*Dec.83) 5 Jne. 84) nil. since | 
3; 96 | 92) 5& ane 5 Nov85| 5 May86) 5 Nove | 8,000 
| 4} 4/l/psJly80} _nil in|1881-2-3-4 
0)103 |100 | 5 July85 5 Jan.86) 5 July86) 5 Jan.87 


0 ... |LO Sept8*'10 Mar86/10 Sept86'10 Mars7 
0 “23 14} 6 July85| 4*Jan.8€| 4 July86! 4*Jan. ” 

nil. nil, nil. nil, 
g 8*Sep. 85) 8 Mar8t| 8*Sep.86 8) Mars; 


19/15*Sep. 85)10 Mar8€/ 5*Sep.86) " Mars; 
1%) 8*Oct. 85)10 Apl.8€) 8*Oct. 86) 8*Mar87) 
#s| 8° Oct.85/10 Apl.8¢| 8*Oct. 86) 8*Mar87| 


9} 2 2 |10*Sep. 7] 10 Mar86 


18,009 


} 
6) 4} 10 Maysz| 


654 
25,500 


10 Dec. 86 65,007 


6 in 86 
5 Apl.sj 


Sos SS SS S&S 


103,500 
6,00 


Ss Me 





109375 
13,029 


esses 


Se SoS 


36,000 
71,246 


16,75 
44,228 


97,306 


23 
1g 
i | 
&| = R/ LO* July85)10 Feb.86/10*July86) 4 Feb. mT 


1g) 14) 9 July85| 5 Jan. 86) 9 July86) 5 Jan. 8; 
ws | oe | 7*Oct.83| 7 Feb.84) 7*Nov 84) 7 Mar85| 
1k} ¢| 7 May8*! 7 Jan.86) 7 May86| 9 Jan. 87) 


6) 4%) 3$/10*July83|20 Feb.86|10*July86)20 Feb.87 | o73ee 
4| 97 | 95 | 4 July85| 4 Jan. 8€) 4 July86) 4 Jan.87) se 


+ | & Feb.83) 5 July83| 5 Feb.84) nil. since) los 738D 
12}|20 Aug85/20*Feb. 86/20 Aug86/18*Feb.57 ae 
| 273) 5 Jan.8°| 5 July85/ 5 July86) 5 Jan.87) 


1%) 5*Oct.85| 6 AplL86) 5*Oct. 86) 5 Apl. 7 20,406 


silie May85/10 Deo.85 Lorayaslio Dec.86) 44,208 
| 


5 Mar82 


4} 8 Apl. 85) 8 Oct.85) 8 Apl.86) 8 Oct. 86! 
17/15 May85|10*Nov85|15 May86/10*Nov 86) 
28/15 July85 10*Jan.86/10 July86/10*Jan. 87 
1 {10 July86/t0 Jan.$7 
4 Oct, 86, 4 Apl.87) 


21,602 


15,879 


14 
9) 29 


6\ 18 
9) 28) 


PS SS 


nil. since 


17,403 
81,000 


\ 63,086 


o 125) 
0 24 
0 25) 
6| 18) # 

9, 96 | 94 | 4 Oct.85| 4 Apl. 86! 


is a 6*Sept85 " Mar 86 6*Septs6 21 sfar8? \ 12967 
eee ee ee 3 Mar37 J 


| 914) 86}, 5}Aug85| 54Feb.56 
8 : 3H 540ct. 85) 54Ap1.86 540ct. 86. 5hApL $7 — 
124 for |1885. 124 for |1886. | iso 

34 15 July85)10* Dec. 85/15 _— ll 
13} 1 | 8*Jne.85| 8 Dec.85| 8*Jne. 86) 8 Dec.S6 29,000 
a 315 for 1882\4 for 1883) 4 4 Mar84 0 Mar.85 


SSO Fo Leer. 


| 


spAngs6 54Feb. 87 


SS FY YF 


3 


5 15 for ’81/15 for ’82\nil. btwen. 3 for 85 | 43.92 


for 86 J 
| 


Novemb er 1882 


| 9,024 


29135) 
12 Apl.84) 8*Oct. 84) 7 Aplss giApl.s6 1521 


oseK fS&eo0° 2 EF. 


| 
3 Last | dividend 































































































—- ——— ———— | I ee em | 








Bro. 





| April 30, 1887.] THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL. 177 
et ; 
i MISCELLANEOUS COMPANIES—Continued. 
as ET ee ee Last Yrs\PRICESOF i 
CaPITAL. Montu. divs. yld.| 1887. DIviDENDs. 
———- —. —— = a Investor or lama i ; 
Amt. wo; 3 n at Latest; + Last Four. rv. 
HAMS. ae of |Par.| § 4, | - 3 oe Price. | 4, ; Rate % per Annum, including Bonus. [Blnce.aft 
of Shares. Share. & je] | a 4 "\PerCent.| 3 * Interim. t Div. 
—— reer eer eee Tn ; 
oo monreneweioe | | tT PT lfe 4 i fis 
SO eed Agency, Lim.| 125,000] os 2| 2%) 28 2) 24) 25/8 0 0 2% 21/1240ct*S5 12}4p1.66 10*0ct. 9610 ApL87 es 
er ¥ debentures, 1886, £200,000) 100 100)... ) ... |... | tae ve | ae | SbSuly85) 4$Jan.86 4$July86. 4$Jan.87) 5 /S19*4 
ap oriard Property Invest.L 20,000} 10 M 1} 1) hh 48): 6 9 1} ae —eo Mar85,10 Mar86,10 Mar87|" 20,155 
strane ‘ } } | } | } | 
Trust & A —_o 34,400/ 10/ 1) 34) 39) 3% 3) 34h) 6 8 6 43 3420 May85:20 Nov85'25 May86.20 Nov86 , 
Nall pd (Ubears 6% pref.) 15,600; 10 | 10 | 15 | 154; 144, 15 | 14} | 4 28 9| 154, 144,71, May85 7 4,Nov85 7,4;May867;;Nov86) | 99989 
bee cae ce 50,000} 10 | 10 | 114) 12/114, 12) Alta} 4 3) 123 114) 5 July85) 5 Jan.86| 5 July86) 5 Jan.87, 
po5%P Co, of Ganade 60,000 20| 5| 43) 5| 4% 5) 466 6 c 5 | 44\ 6 Jne.85, 7 Dec.85, 6 Jne.86; 6 Dec. 86 159319 
popes sin 25,000; 20/ 3/| 2h) 2% 25, 2% 2Hie zz oj 23! 24 6 Jne.85' 7 Dec.85| 6 Jne.86 6 Dee.86} } 
ad JO A ccvesceeneceeesseoce i } \ | 
: United States Mortgage Co., | | 2 | 192 | 103 | 98 | 5 Jne.85 5 Dec.85| 5 Jne.86| 5 Dec.86) 
: 7 ds.| £400,000 200 |1009/102 {103 101 102 | 102 | 4 13 1/103 | 98 | 5 Jne.85 | 5 Ine.  — 
5A Ane aah 50,000 5 | 1 14| 18 18 14 18) 8 oO 4] 18 1412 Jly. 8512 Jan.86 12 July86\12 Jan.87| 13.782 





















































































































“i | bia £ 
SPINNING & WEAVIN|G OOS. 8 9%) 814 9A) 8815 6 Co SH 83| 6 Jne.85 6 Dec.85 6 Jne.86 6 Dec.86} 
puiow and Senet; mite)” roe ol | atl eal ak al ose [617 3| 68 6 | 6 Jne.85| 6 Dec-85| 6 Ine. 86 6 Dec.86,  “ 

ge Stdted’ «233. 2.543 25 | 25 225 | be | 223) 227) nil | 22% 22 |10 Sep.83'10 Dec.83) 9 Mar84/ 94Jne.84) 361 loss 
Butler Gres ee mea:|< . fase. 61 SL3Al | Sas. SM. 34) 23/134Feb.85| 8 May85) 63July85| 9dMar86| 
Santon Spinning, Limited| 10,0001 | 48| 4, 5k 48, 44) 43 | . | 54! 44! GfOct 84110gJam.85| 6fApr85| 44Julya| “i:ses 
1 ’ 7 | 9} | 5 s} ie 
ole and Winkworth, L. 62,500} 10; 6 9} 9 | a 9 | 6 13 5 8 83 re May85 10 Nov85,10 May8610 Nov i 
Greenacres Cotton pinning, 25 23) Qa; 2h!) 23) 24) nti | ve one one 099 loss 
9 ten a D000) p . i ser 54 rl Se Pe, | 59 | 54 ayslys 7pn.0 July84/16 July ry 1,691 
yreen Lane Spinning, yor Ilys) 1) 2} 2 | opal lg i decit. 7 bee ose ee ok 
thershaw, Limited......... 15,217) 5 | 34 lds i { | = 4 | 119] | : 85 ” 
ee Spinning, ae 902; 100 | 50 | 504 504) 50 | 50 | 50 | gic TT 50 Gere Jne.84, 8 Dec.84) 5 Jne.85 677 
Middleton and Tonge open j seeyhaee 
Se tere ieee -S}-8) tc tak eT ee pl oe ek, ee eae 
Do, do, caning Limited] 14000 5 | 4| 3e] 38} 32 3% 3t| —. | 3a 3| 7EApLeslo July85| 0 Oct.85| 24Jan.86| ‘i035 
Moorfield Spinning, Limite 20.000 6| 3 | oh. 2. Se 375 3 10 Dec.8410 May85) 5 Dec.85| 6dMar86 lll 
North Moor Spinning, Lim... 1250| 20 | 20} 194| 193,19 19) 19 | 20 | 19 10 Mar84) 5 Jne.84| 83Dec.8410 Mar85|) 1,517 
(ldham Twist, Limited...... 7501 20 | 10 941 eG. th OM 8 934, 99/10 Mar84, 5 Jne.84) 8¢Dec.84'10 MarS5 } loss 
Do mew -ssrsnsssseeussnnsees aon 5| 3| 34) 3% 3/3) 3 34, 3 \10 Mar85) 63Jne.85| 5 Sep.85) 5 Jan.86|' 1,674 
Parkside Spinning, Limi 120001 +5) 3 34 co Riewtie Ge: Mae os 32 34)13hApr85 64July85/ 0 Oct 85, 63Jan.86, 1,801 
Royton Spinn , Limited... *000 5 | 34) 2t5| 243) 22 23 23 | ni. | Ses) 29) 8hMar85! O Jne.S5| 0 Sep. 85) 0 Dec.85) 851 loss 
Shaw Spinming, Limited .... 14, 51 3h 3%, 3%; 34 34) 33 | 38 34| 5$Jne.85| 0 Sep.85| 0 Dec.85| 1/ Mar86 820 

363,000 Star Spinning, Limited...... 14,000 5| 5 “BE 344. 33! 3H 3H! 35 3y4| 8 Mar84, 8 Jne.84/10 Sep.84| 8 Mar85\ 1,941 loss 

1,246 Sun Mill, Limited besenees sees 15,000 5 43} 3 325) 3 | 32s! 3x. 3H 3 | 5 Mar83i 5 Sep. 8 5 Mar84/23 Sep. 84 1,272 loss 

i §van Cotton Spinning, Lim. 20 000] 5| 3] 2a| 2H 2k 24) 2b | mi. | Sey 2%] be re . 13,020 1oss 

16,750 United Spinning, Lim. ...... 000) 5| 3| Qa) 2ts) 2) 2e5) re) : 24) 2 | SJuly84'3$ Oct. 84) 63Feb.85, 0 Aug85\2,724 loss 

4 Resell Spinning, Siesieed saan 5] 3/341 Se 3) 3) ae 34, 3 | 6gSep.$4/10 Dec.84)10 Mar85)10 sna 1s 

14,223 estwood Spinning, Lim... . | 234) 235 13¥Jan. 83) 136JulyS3\ 13§Jan.$4)! 273,000 

27,305 York St. Flax Spinning, L. 10,000} 25) ll ir eee eee ee - 

oil eee a ee. } j i } 

§TEAMSHIPS(&SHIPBU|ILDING.) fe a ams Rem ee Por in 85/10 in 86| 40,000 

21,602 A — Danii 80,000; 13) 13 24 3 } 2h) 2H ee 4 13 ‘ 3 | 78 15 in # 15 in 84/ 15 in in 
Aberdeen, Newcastle, an for 

% |; 23) 28) 23) 28) 414 OF 2% 23:10 for 82,10 for 10 for 84)10 eee 
Hull Steam .....+..++++0-. - 4) | rs br a lf ry 6| 6| 5| ... | 3gdme.83/24*Dec.8313§ for85-6| |. 

- Mia irican Steamship ............ 15| 9| 93 8) 9) Ob]... 93 8}| 8 May84| 6*Nov84| 4 May85|nilfor85| ... 

15,0 Amazon Steam Navigation,L 50 | 50 | 604] --- | ... | 604) 603 | 5 7 6) 604) 60 | 7 Mar85i 6 Sep.85; 6 Mar86) 7 Sep. : 
Belfast Steam Ship, Lim. 5 | 6a| 6% 68 6s! 615 6 O| Gt) 63] 7 Mar85\ 6 Sep.85| 6 Mar86| 7 Sep.86 

17 3695 ee ee is | el 

ol Steam Navigation 32 3h | nil. | 33) 3 | 6 July82) 6 Jan.83| 6 July83| nil. since; ... 

_, preference, Limited ... - ace 364 344 354 (6 & 9| 37 | 34}) 6 for 83 | 4 for 84 | 4 for 85 |4§ for os 

738) ~_— prea omega 10 54) 59) 44; 44)... ls 2 6 6 44) 5 Feb.85, @*Aug85, 6 Feb.86/2} ae: : = 

- tis astn. Shippng. ' 5 919) 16 | 2*Aug85) 2 Feb.86| 2*Aug86, 2 Feb.87 
133i Binh Irish Steam Pit, I 50 | 164) 19 | 164) 19 | 19 (6 1 | 16) 2" Aug e ug | 
itish India Steam Naviga- | $4! 8337 2 9| 92 | 839:12 Jne.8Z:12 Dec.85)12 Jne.86)12 Dec.86;  ... 

20,406 tion, Limited ............ 2 oe - oT 333 = leu2 a 37 | sels Ine. $5112 Dec.85)12 Jne.86/12 Dec.86,  ... 

DO MEW ssevenssssessencessse 74] 48] 48) 43] 44 5¢| ... | 58) 48) 3 Jam85| nilsince| ... .- | 48,084 

RE (ish Ship-Owners, Lim. 14| 9, 951 9| 9| 9 | 7725 6|10| 91 5 May83| 0 May84| 0 May85| 5 May86, 75,000 
Castle Mail Packets, Lim. 100 |L154/116 |1154 116 | 116 15 3 66 1133] 6 May82| 6 Nov85| 6 May86) 6 Nov a 

yof Dublin Steam ...... eet | | ml. |. | .. | 3 Feb.85\ 0 July85| 0 Feb.86| 0 Jul \ 5672 
Commercial Steam Ship, L. ee ok ks hice | nil. |... | ... | 3 Feb.85| 0 July83| 0 Feb.86) 0 Jul 
ae Ona cen sane ht s Saat Dv | ee | ove | oe | 5 AmgS3) 5*Jan. 84 shinee Sten. m7 
81, 0 team Packet, 210% 101 10 | 1) 3 May82| 4 Ma: il since 
: 10%, 10} 10} 10g nil. j10% 98 6 May8 - 4s 151364 
$3,086 vee ee 10 | oa) 34 3 a 8  10F 10'| Gydagss| 0 Feb86] fAug86| 1 Feb? 
oo ene e cee enhis becebesueedeenee t | @ 9 2 5} eb. ue 
Dablin anid’ Glasgow Si | 50 | 10) --. | at " 10 | 2 18 ~ feAug 
whlin & Liverpool Steam 50 | 63 | 63%) 63 | 633! 633 | 4 15 “ mt July85| 6 Jan.86| 6 July$6, 6 Jan.87, 
12,267 Dund Ovevetocecsesesese i | s 
: alk and N. Steam < 5 3) 1.86; 3 Oct. 86; 5 Apl87| 1,235 
Pocbtaddamaiicn. 10| 54 si sais Sf 7 3 9 oi Sys! 4 ~~ 3 Ap pls? 
Dundee Gem Line Steam 10 64) 6 | 6x, 6 | 412 S| 6b 6} 7 Nov83| 7 MayS4| 24MayS6| 3 MayS7| 14,617 
iar aa SPIN Lim... oe | | | ners: ie 
wee e Steam i | geal ; 1 a 3 since. 

13007 Shipping, Lim.—Ist ins. eee S| pe ee Bee eet oe i z 

— hehe ane Leib edledSab des 5) 4 | 43, 74 2 =e 

2) 's Shipbuilding & En- | 14dy 7 28 Cf 149) 13 | 4 Dee.83! 0 Dec.84| 0 Dec.85) 2}Dec.86} 17,411 

Ps | Contead Speee ee seve 7 = +. "34 "a Hg | nil. o 61) 0 Sep.85 0 Mar86| 0 Sep. 86 0 Mar87 * 

De 1 Steam Navigation... 10 83 8| 8 $i: 26 | 6 | 24Sep.85 2}Mar8é6) 0 — 5 Mar8i|_... 

13,328 Dy 2g Preference, 1874... a - 74 74 8h i369 83, 54} 0 Sep.85| 0 Mar86) 0 Sep.86\ 5 Mar87) ... 
Lancanse ree serene®, 1877... 3 i 2| 1 la 0 13 7 AugS3, 7 Aug84) 6 Angés : —_—— 19,200 

9,022 Lterpoot Steam Tug, _ 10/10) 44 4% 44° 43) ale 4: 0 —" 0 Mar86, 0 Sep.86 0 Mar87}_ .... 

2013 "S024 Glasgow Engineer- lan] 185] 0 Oct.85| 0 ApL86| 0 Oct. we 

13,21 ing & Iron Ship Bldng,L. 50 | 25 | 11 a * | ote 84 3 fer hier 24 for 86) Del3,982 

eteanti a 10 +» | 0 for 84) as 
} tile Steamshi Lim 10 eee oi Being wo uad up voluntar y 22,232 
t Shipping, Limi Si ig. oct 
{ ~ 
























Ce ee 








“ * ae " 
K ae POS Fee Rye ES See ae 
ee Ne AES eee ie Ree Rae = 4 
: 1 ed es 
: eas rig i bs x 


A ee Se es 
7 Pi ia Sw eee eS 
pe Sere reer ‘a as 


oo 








NAME. 


STEAMSHIPS—(Oon.) 
Mississippi & Dominion 


Steam Ship, Limited .. 
National Steam Ship, Lim., * 
oe 7 ane roe oes 

ew and Shippin 
‘North of Scotland, gli 
& Shetland Stm. Novigs n 
Orient Steam Navigation, L 
Pacific Steam Navigation... 
Palmer’sShipbuilding & Iron 
Limited, A 


Do B 
Peninsular & Oriental Steam 
Navigation 
Do new 
Royal ExchangeShipping, L. 
Royal Mail Steam Packet... 
Samuda Bros. , Limited 
Shaw, Savill, & Albion, Lim. 
a ‘Steamship, Limited... 
dyne Steam Shipping, Lim. 
nion Steam Ship, Limited 


Union Steamship of New 
Zealand—London Reg. 

West India & Pacific Steam 
Ship, Limited 


TEA J Arp » SOEEES 008. Cane 


Borel r Limited 
British Indian Tea, nee 
Darjeeling Limited. . 

Doears Tea, Limited... 
Eastern Assam (Tea), Lim. 
Jokai (Assam) Tea, Limited 
Jorehaut Tea, Limited 
Lanka Plantations, Limited 
Lebong Tea, Limited 
Luckimpore Tea (Assam) L. 
Ouvah Coffee, Limited 
Scottish Assam Tea, Lim... 
Tambracherry Estates L. .. 
Upper Assam Tea, Limited) 


—_— —_— — —___—_—__—— ——_— 


TELEGRAPH 008. —(& lcazt CABLE MAN| UFACTPNG@), | fig 4 


African Direct Telegraph, 


Pref. 
div. after 6% 
atl Preferred 


Brazilian Submarine Tel., L; 


- Do 5% ———— 
ampagnie du Télé he 
oes. Marine wit 
Consol. Telephone and Main- 

tenance, Limited 
Cuba Submarine Telegph. L. 
Do 10 per cent. erence 
Direct Spanish Telegrph. L. 


Do 10 per cent. erence 
Direet US Cable Li 


Cable, Limi 
nee & South African 
ng 5% deb. 1 

ees 
and China Telegra 


preference a 
German Union Tel . & Test 
Pee Northern 


Se 


os a on 
(April 30, 1887, 


THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL. 


eh ae 


MISCELLANEOUS ntonntassescentilteimmmacon 


PRICES OF THE Last y yrs. PRICESOF| — 
See emninerser 4 divs. yld.| 1887. Divipenps 
| isnot | semen | te ; 
‘at Latest! oa 
Price. z 5 
—— =e] 


fe ae gr ae 
| 


CAPITAL. 


——— 


Basi 


and 


Last Four. ; ‘jon 2 
= | Rate % per Annum, including Bonus, = 


Blnce.aft 
* Interi rim. Last Diy, 


Amt. 
Number of 
Share. 


of Shares. 


<ceemetenneemen, 
} ieee 


| 
£ 


| 5*May83 6gNovs3. nil sine 

4 Feb.82; 5 Feb.83. nil nek mead 

8 Jan. 84) nil. since 
D Sep.85 0 Aug86. 


2Y) 8} Sep.85 !118Mar86 84 Sep.86 114M 
6y| 5 Apl.82) nil be tw on: aeins 
| 284 6 for 83, 74 for a 74 for 85) 5*Nov.86! 


| 
173, 84Sep. 83 6*Mars4| 6 Sep. 84 il 

3 nil si 
114) 84Sep. 83) 6*MarS84) 6 Sep.84/ nil sass | 


594) 5*Jne.85.11 Dec.85. 5*Jne. 86 7 Dec.86 

| 22 A 5*Jne. 35) 11 Dec.85 5*Jne.86) 7 Dec. $8 lisp 
7 May82| 8 Nov82) 6*May83_ nil since. Dr 15813 
1g0ct.85, 0 ApL86 340ct 86 3$ApL.87, 195,78) 
For oe = a" , 1886, lo s8,5,398i.; 

| . pl.84, 5 Api.85) 4} Apl.s6 
2 3 2 | il, ; Last di vided, M! iy. 1881. | 4s 
138 138 135 134, 5 | i 3 5 Aug85, 7 Feb.86 5 5*Augs6) 7 Feb.87 6% 
16 | 16 | 134, 14 3h 134) 5*SeptS5, 5 Mar86| 0 Sept86 8 Mars; ), 
3| 8| 63| 6} a) 5*Sept85 5 Mar86) 0 Sept86, 8 Mars7_j "5°00 


12 | 124) 12 | 12 | | 8*May85 10 Nov85) 8*May86 10 Novss 69,752 


16x} 163| 154/16 | 16 | 8 2 #153 6hFeb.81 4 Feb 85. 24Feb.86, 24Feb.87 
returned, Ma rch; |1886. e| | 4Feb. iFehsi 158,406 


4 
Sal ie 


Lo 


nil, | 
nil. 
nil, | 


TRS 
app 


tosh oO 
ohn 


63) as 
10 res 5 Augst 5 129.959 
5,047 
180,878 
266,600 


| 
0} 
4 


Mr 
tr to 
@rs 
ci ae 


193) 193 1° 173! 
123) 12}, 11), 114} 
62 | 62 | 594) 60 | 
23}| 23), 22 2 | 224] 


37 | 40 | 37 | 39 


BY on’ 
8) 34) 3 3 3 | 


| , 
128 | 7 20 61 12h 11 


-_-_ 









8 I? 3 |18 July85,10*Jan.86 30 July86, 10*Jan.87} 42,075 
wed 3}May85, 6*Jan.86 6 Jne:86 3*Dec.86, 1,649 
1sAug77! 4 anes 1 Aug85 1}Aug86! 
| 24 | 24} | .» | ThApLS84) 7 Apl.85, 8 ApL 86 
94} 94, 9 PY 94 $ 3 1}May86) 2iJan. 87 
Fs és ; Last | Dividend May, 1877) Site 
103 ll 105) 103 ee ath | 
37 | 44 ot ; s| 44 | | 37° 8 for 82 124 for 83 15 for 84:15 for 85) 
'\6 | 5 \6 percent Mar. | 1883. 
6 ip rr July85 6*Jan.86 12 July86) 6*Jan. 87) 
0 8 July80| 3hJuly85, 4 July86, 24Jan.87, 1% 
5 Jan. 82) nil since | 
3 54 5 2 Julys3 5 July84) 5 July85) 5 July8*' 849 
#) .. |7dAugust, 1882. | nil since. | 
1} nil, | ail. nil, nil, | 


_ -— ————— 
| 


517 


24}| 25 5.385 


10,77 


— | | 


{ | } 
Won i9e) | 4 Jen.87| 
9) 374) 31}| 23 for 82) 33 for 83 3} for $4) 1} for 85 ) 955968 


s 60}, 514] 5} for 82| 6 for 83) 6 for 84| 2} for s/s 


| 154 11 | 0 for 82| 4 for 83 4 for 84 0 for 85) } xy Fb 


3| ll 108| Total for| 1884-5, 6 % paid (Quarterlv. } 47,590 
9 1044)101 5 July85, 5 Jan.86, 5 July86) 5 Jan.87 


98 | 99 | 97 | 98 | 
344| 374) 344) 373 


553) 604) 554) 59 
144) 154) 144) 7 


103} 103) 103) 103 
100 {100 |1025/104 101 oa 


1) 1] 2) 2) 18) 2 | o| 23 110} 10 Mar86 13}Sept86 173MarS7 


té : i 4 é 35 July85) 5 5 Nov85, 5 May86. "5 Nov 86 
11Z 124 11312 9 124' 11 [10 Jly.85 7 Feb.86 8 Aug86 8 Feb.87 | ose 
18}) 19 | 18 |184 8 219 | 18 [10 Aug85'10 Jan.86 10 Aug86 10 Jan.87 ) 
24 28, 2) . | 28 13| 3s Oct.82) nil since | 14,373 
7) 8 | + | 10 | 7 \i0 Oct.83 10 Apl.84 10 Oct. $4 50/Jan.87 3 
84) 93) [tes 9) 4 for §4-5 2zfor 85-6) 4 § Jan.87 323,050 
115,804 


ve 


+ 
= : 
RA co: 


me 
~ ts 


73! 
1024 | 4 15 101035, 101 | 5 Suly85, 5 Jan.86 5 July86, 5 Jan.87 


12j | 5 12 6) 129 108 .. | Mor 84-5| 7 for 85-6 Pa. Qrtrly) ss 
1053 | 4 15 0109 104 | 6 Aug85, 6 Feb.S6 6 Augs6) 6 Feb8i, 


1023 | 413 9104 101 | 5 July85, 5 Jan.86 5 July36, 5 Jan.87 
1014 | 4 3 6/104 100 | 5 May85 5 Nov85, 5 May86, 5 NovS6) 
10g | 5 12 9) 10%) 103 6 July84, 6 July85 6 Julys6 pd.Qrtrly. 
100} } 429 9103 100 | 5 Aug85 5 Feb.86 5 Aug86 5 Feb.57, 
0'1084104 | 5 Aug85 5 Feb.86 
104 | 3 17 9104 101 | 4 May85 4 Nov85 
134 3! 14 | 1 13 6% pai r trly.—Jan.., 
9 9, 9} 8? 5 for 85 6 for 86 "Patd Ha, ‘If-Yearly. 
14, | 5 14 3 14} 138) = 8 Yin 1883, 1884, 1885. 
1014 | 429 0103 100 | 5 July85, 5 Jan.86, 5 July86, 5 Jan. 87 
103} | 4 16 9107 102 | 5 Sep.85 5 Mar86 5 — 5 Mar8? 


233 | é 10 6 ath) au 10*Augés 20 Feb.86 1o*Angs6 20 Feb.87) ee 

103 Eh 7 6104 | 44Sep.86. 43Mar87)) _, -.9 
I ove Be sl WW Mays 5*Nov.85 19 May ot © 5*Nov86 so? 

ar 507 

13) lye; 14 i 1} eo 7 5,507 

10,440 


86 
34} 3)) 34) 34) 3; 6.9 34 3) 2 May85- 1 Now85 1 May86) 2 Nov5e 
1005102) 99 (1004 102° | 3103 | 99 iM sae! Mar86 6 Septse 6 Mar87 


128) 12 | 198 
054/107 |104 |1054 


103 \104 /102 hos 
103 |104 |102 1/103 
10g) 103) 103/103x 
101 |102 iS ‘10 


gener’! 
res "rve 


196 5 Aug86 5 Feb.87 
4 Mays 4 Nov56) jd 


April, J uly, Oct. | 


1053)1074)1054'1074 

103 |104 |102 |103 
134 134 - “3 
Sot aoe! 

13g 4k 134) 1 

101 102" 100 ho 

1033/2105 102 |1033 


224x oi 224 23 


417448 


102 |103 /102 |103 7 


Augs5 7*Feb.86' 7 Aug86,7 7*Feb.87 





mw 2 


to ow to too eo eo eet eet ee 





Oey aQfloAao 


= pq 


By 


Sees ee 
























55068 
vay ble 
My Ag 
Vv. Fb 
47,590 


65,306 
14,373 
29,050 
15,804 


565644 


genet 
res rve 


504992 


417448 


237902 
72,580 

5,507 
10,440 





















il ie ae 
TELEGRAPH—(Oon.) | 


A 


April 30, 1887.| THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL. 179 
MISCELLANEOUS COMPANIES—Continued. 
—_—_—— | J#PRICES OF THE Last yrs.|PRICESOF 
CaPImrvaL. Month. idivs. yld.| 1887. Drvipenps. 

————— _  __._| —__ Busi. | Investor’ ———— — 

NAME. Member Amt. | | 2 2 2 ! 3 lat Latest 2,4) Last Four. _ iResrv. & 
aa ce EY EE ii mis, 8B) meee arp am 

| nsenshitenendeseisteiel asians Praca tev asetais Shania 

| oe 


National Telephone, L., 6 % | 


i 
i 


15,000, 10, 10 








preference ....sersseseess | | 1g 124 11J) 128, 
Do Ordinary........ seseees 90,000 5, 5& 3H 46) 3he 45 
| Oriental Telephone, Lim....| 220,000 Lill] # ff 2! 
Reuter’s Telegram, Lim. ...| 10,000 8; 8/-7) 8] 7} 7 
Submarine Telegraph ...... £338,225 Stock | 100 185x190 180 185 | 
Telegraph Construction and! | | 
Maintenance, Limited 37,350, 12 / 12 \364x 364 35, 36}) 
Do 6 % Bonds, 1889 ...... £150,000 100 100 |1043)107 '102 (1044 
Do Second Bonus Trust | | 
certifs. (originally 5/)...| £186,750, 23) 23) 14/ 18 14) 13} 
United Telephone, Limited) 80,000 5 | 5 | 12h 13%) 125 133) 
Do NewShares(at 2 prein./ ers ay te 
LL paid).....seccceeeesceess 20,000 5 | 25) 63 7h, 63 7}! 
West African Telegraph, L 15,559, 10/10| 64) 64 5) 5) 
Do 5 % debentures......... £300,000; 100 100 | 94 95 | 93 | 94 
W.C. of America Telegrph,L 30,000) 10/10) 43) 43) 4/| 43) 
Do 8 % Debentures ...... £150,000) 100 /100 |1034)111 106 1089) 
Western and ( Ordinary ... 45,181 15 | 15 | 7ax| 78) 78) 78! 
Brazilian + Preferred ... 24,729; 974) 74) 5x 54; 43) 5 | 
Tigraph., L | Deferred ... 24,729) 74| 7a} 23) 24) 2) 2H 
Do6 % debentures, A,1910} £200,000' 100 100 |104 1054 104 105 
Do6 %debentures,B.,1910| £250,000, 100 |100 /1024)104 |101 joa 








| 1013'5 15 0 12/10 5 July85| 5 Jan.86. 5 JulyS6, 7jJan.87) 41 
enka ties” Fee Stock |100 |2224|2224'2185 2194 292 5 13 92293 2183 1yAugs5 125 Feb 86 12;Aug86,12}Feb 87 
London Street Tramways 25,000, 10/ 10} 20 204, 20 203, 204 | 4 6G 6 204! 193 SsAugS5 9 Feb86 8)AugS6 9 Feb 87 
London Tramwa. tthe ot 35,000 10 | 10 202) 20 | 203) 203 4 7 9% 203) 18} GjAugS5 9 Feb 86, 6fAug86,11}Feb.87, 
Do 6 % preference a) 8,000! 10 | 10 | 15 | 154, 144,15 | 15 | 4 O O 15) 144 6 AugS5 6 FebSE 6 AugS6: 6 Feb.37 
founders’ seri costa| 325001 ... |... | 24| 284] 26] 24s] Mp1 5 4 Of OA MR) ..  L8/6Sly.86,8:6Feb.87 
Do 5% debenture stock...| 130,100 Stock |100 1094} 094}1079)1075 x » | 4413 G1N2 107 | 5 Oct $5 5 ApLS6) 5 Oct. 86, 5 ApL 87 
M hstr. Carri i } i i 
a Ce 7,500! 90 | 15 | 283) 288) 264 264 263 '5 1 O 28% 264 $ ApLS5.12 Oct.85) 6 Apl 86:12 Oct. 86, 
Donew,B “| s£7e41 10} 10 | 193) 198.174) 178) 172 5 2 0 20 | 173 8 ApLS5 12 Oct. 85. 6 Apl.8612 Oct. 86, 
Do new, 1879, G | ~=—3°772| «:10|_74{ 14g] 144) 124) 13h 13 %_) 5 2 % 142) 12% 8 AplS512 Oct 85 6 ApL86 12 Oct. 86; 
Nth Metro litan Tramwys| 84,700, 10 | 10 21 2 204 204 2s 410.3 314 ame 9 AugS5 9}Feb 86 SfAug86 9¥Feb 87 
., } t 7 j 42) ‘2 ) ore ‘ oss wee ose ore ; 
Nth Staffordshire mes s.L tieeel is ij 6} 53 64} 53/5 4 O 6 5 3hAugSS 3)Feb.96 2gAugS6 37Feb.87| 
Nottingham & Dist Tre 8000/10. 10| 6% 7t 68 74) 684 2 9 6; 6% 3 AugS5 3 FebS6 3 AugS6 3 Feb.87| 
vincial Tramwave Lin| 245001 1010] 5j| Gh 5% 64) Gye nil. | 73! 5 | 3 Aug85! 3. Feb 86, 0 Aug86, 0 Feb 87, 
Sheffield Timer oe $000! 10/|10| G4xi 63) 6) 6% 63 5 18 € 73 6% 4 AugS5 4 Feb 86\ 4 Aug86 4 Feb 87 393 
Southampton Tramway... 5.000 10/10! 8h Sy S| 8% 8 5 25 9 $8 5 AugS5 5 FebS6 5 AugSé —_ oa 892 
South London Tramway 6... '868 3} Ghi Gf 6h Gh}. =| GR SFC. ves. cf.-) wae ae NT ae 
lealhpart Teen ti yoo 0 . = 134 nf 12'| 144 3 10 1 124, 114 7 AugS3’ 6 Feb.S86 4 AugS6 45Feb.87/ 6,167 
Southwk.& Deptfd frame, 13000 10/10| 43} 54) 43) 53 5¢/5 13 G 53 44)... 1 Feb85 2 Feb86 3 Feb87) 130 
Sunderland Tramwave Lin 00 «10.10/41 44. 82 4) «32/4 7 6 44 3] 0 AugS5 3§FebS6 0 Ang86, 35Feb.$7, 894 
ramways Co od Wea 15000 10/10) 5| 5} 49 5! 5&5 O 9 6% 4323ps. JuneS2 26 ps Augs626FebS7) ... 
ramwaysCo.ofGermany,L.| 39,500, 10 | 10 | 14| 144) 14 | 144) 148 422 9 15 | 14 | G*Septss)| § MarS6 6*Sep.86| 7, Mar87 
Tramwa 8 Usice Limited| 40.000: 5| 5 Six, 58 5 | 53) 5 5 1K ZF SR AF MP IulySo 8 Jan.36 a°5 y Sb; 8 Jan. 87 
Tue of Clyde Tramways... 25,000, 10 | 6 | i 1é 1g 12 4 6) 34) a 25Feb $5) 0 Aug ae ed o 
na General Omnibus, L. 16,219 5: 5| 2 23 3; 2) nil fF AR wee ne Lise Ss ees oe 
Wolverhmptn, Tramways,L, 8,259| 10 10 I 5! § 4g 49 «848155 5 3 SR 43) 3 Aug35i 34Feb 86 2hAug86 23Feb87' .... 


Western Union Teleg. (U.S.) 
7% Ist mt. bldg. bds. by 1902 
Do6% string. bds. by 1900 


i } 
1,373! $1,000'1024 125 |127 [128 '195 
901 $1,000 100 |103é 105 |102 |1034 








H 

W. L & Panama Telegph.,L. 88,321, 10 | 10 7c) ff 2 
Do6% Ist pref.(cumulatv.) 34,563, 10/10) 99 9F 9% 94 
Do6 2nd pref.(cumulatv.) 4,669 10, 10| 53) 62 53) 6 | 
TRAMWAY & OMNIBUS; OOS. parent eet ek aan at 
Anglo-Argentine Trams., L. 40,000: 5 5 | 44! 83 iz) 84, 
Do6% debenture stock...) £66,600 Stock 100 |126 |128 124 (126 | 
Barcelona Tramways, Lim... 10,000, 10 | 10 | 104) 102 10310}x, 
Belfast Street Tramways ... 12,600 10 | 10 |L1 yy) 112 Lge ll Ys) 
Birkenhead Tramways ...... 3,050; 10/10) 14 1% 94 1 
Do 6 % preference ......... 27,255, 10/10} 34 34 3 | 3 | 
Birmnghm.& Astn Trmwys,L 6800) 5; 5) |} | OB 
Birmingham Central T.,L.| 27,800) 10/10; 9) 9% 8/| 9. 
Bordeaux Tram and {Ord}  25,000' 10 | 10 | 94x; 93) 9) 9% 
Omnibus, Lim. ...| Pri.) 10,000 10 |: 10 j10gx) 11 | 10% 11 
Brazilian Street Railway, L. 49,600; 2)/ 2; 14x 1h 13) 
Bristol Tramways, Limited 10,000; 10 | 10 /108x 10% 10 10% 
| 5 Donew Nie shit i laiabisthes 5,000, 10) 8| Six Si) 8) 88 
uenos Ayres and Belgrano 
Tramways, L., oinek che. 97,500} 5| 5| 58 53 58) 58 
Do Ist debenture stock...) £160,000) Stock 100 124g 127 1133 1164 
Calais Tramways, Limited... 14,000, 5) 5 23) 3 | 28) 28) 
Calcutta Tramways, Lim.... 34,440; 10/10) 63) 64) 6 | 92% 
Garth .&HerrStm.Trns.,L) 15,000) 10 | 10; 98 10) 9) lux 
ity of Buenos Ayres Tram- Baal 
"ole Limited ieithiaane: 80,000; 5| 5 | 937,10; Sf OF 


Do 6 % perm. deben. stk.} £116,000 Stock 100 [126 128 |124 (126 







Dublin United Tramways..| 54,870, 10 | 10 | 108) 11 |104 | 103 
aie Street Treneys 30,000, 10 | 10 |10y5) 104, 10g, 104 
ow a 
imited wor ” 35,000, 10) 9 13 | 134 12g, 138 
Hull Street Tramways ...... 7,500/ 10\10/| 6gx, 7 | 6} 6% 
Imperial Tramways, Lim...| 17770; 6| 6| 1| Ja 3) 1) 
Tramways ..........+. 16,000 10 | 10 |9tjx1025 9¢4 10 | 
leicester Tramways ......... 5,000, 10 WO | ave [vee | cee | eee | 


Lei ’ | a 
verpool United Tramways 10 | 10 |10}3 1034 1034 103) 




















—-,|____ EE ' 














wees cceest a 


if s di 
12} 417 6 12h 117 6 Aug85, 6*Feb.86| 6 AugS6| 6*Feb. 87) 
4% 4 2 O 48) 344 24Aug85) 3 Feb.86| 3}Aug86| 3}Feb.87) 
2 | nil. ts ws 5 May83 5 May84) 0 May85| 0 May86 
8 | 714 9 8| 63 O*Oct.85) 0 Api.86) 5*Oct. 86:10 Api.37} 
1878 | 7 8 9200 180 15 SeptS5\144Mar$6)12 SeptS6 15}Mar87| 199,621 
nt { 
363 6 11 6 40 | 35 10*July85,30 Feb 86)10*July86.30 Feb.87' 116,766 
1034 | 4 10 9107 102 | 6 JulyS5) 6 Jan.86| 6 July86) 6 Jan.37—_.. 
j i | | ' 
1g | 6 O © 1 131/1May85\1/1 Nov85| 94 My.86 94 NovS6 pr certif 
138 | 4 18 | 133\ 12 | 6 in’$2-3; 8 in ’83-4/10 in '84-5)13 in "85-6 
Sars ‘gee i | tae 
7 15 0 C Th 6 .. | .. |[lOin’S4-513in 85-6 J 
aie 8, «tani ks ans eais oohe colitis ade ae ee 
af rer oS - | & Mar87 
ay, 6 44 3 4 AugS5' 3 Feb.86| 2 AugS6; 2 Feb.87 


oe 

oe 

Oo 

~ 
Co Nh 


3 7§ 7% 13) per! share, pajid March, 1887. | 
Stew. =|) 43 3/14 pers hareinarrjears to Dec. 31, 1886 
27) 9 i | 




















24 | nit. | 23 2 a ic. ecient cin 
1055 | 5 12 3108 103 6 Aug85' 6 Feb 86 6 Aug86 6 Feb 87 
1028 | 5 16 v104$101 | 6 Aug8s| 6 Feb 86, 6 Aug86, 6 Feb 87 
123 | 414 2127 1174 7 May85 7 Nov85| 7 May86| 7 NovS6_ 
103 | 5 13 G1C5 101 6 SeptS5 6 Mar86) 6 SeptS6 6 Mar87,_... 
2 ; mil. | 1| § 0 May85 0 Nov85| 0 May86) 0 NovS6 
91/7 7 s| 94! 8} 6 May85 9 Nov85 6 May86| 8 Nov86| 125155 
6; | nil. | 6 5,0 May85 0 Nov85, 0 May86| 0 Nov 86) 
“7 : acwees are pe Berge St 
83 | 414 O 8%) 72 9 ApL85 7*Oct. 85) 9 ApL86, 7*Oct.86.| 5.04 
1243 | 415 3/128 |1224 6 July85, 6 Jan.86, 6 July86 6 Jan.87)j 
103) 5 14 3 103) 93 5*Sept85 5 AplS6, 5 AugS6, 7 Apl87} 1,062 
lf! 5 2 9 113 10$ 54AugS5' 64Feb 86 5 Aug86, 64Feb.87) 270 
14/ nil. | We 4 nif nil | at) lh 970 
3, nil, | 35 2h onl. nil. | nil. nil. | is 
Wee a asthe ;;, | 6 Aug83) 8*Feb.84/12 AugS4) 1,020 
9 511 2 114 8) 5% for year ended Sept.) 30, 1886 33,000 
9§'5 8 6 10} 9 4*Aug85 7 Mar86 4*Aug86\ 6 Mar87 
11 | 4 11 @ 113, 108 5 Aug85 5 Mar86 5 AugS6 5 Mar87' _... 
14/5 16 9 13) 14 5gApL85 33Oct. 85) 5 AplS6) 37O0ct.86 1,547 
10 | 4 13 %/ 10$ 94 4 Septss 4 Mar86 5 Sept86, 5 Mar87)) ¢ @, 
83,418 6 8¥_ 8 4 SeptS5 4 Mar86, 5 Sept86 5 Mar87j ~ 
5! | oH ag. ad 6 Jan.87) a 
117 | 117 113 es sgl | 6 Jan.87|_.... 
28,6 7 3 3 2 4 JulyS85 4 Jan.86 3 July86 34Jan.86, 1,250 
6 | nit, | 6) 6 O Mar85 0 Sept85| 0 Mar86 2 MarS7| 3,990 
10} |¢ uv 0 10| 7} 2 Jne.84 2 Mar85 1 Mar86 6 Mar87, 6,820 
93 5 2 6 10! 84 10*Oct. 8510 Apl86 10*Oct. 86.10 ApL 87 
126 | 415 49128 1225 6 Jne.85 6 Dec 85 6 Jne.86 6 Dec 86 f ~™ 
10? | 413 9 11 10% 44AugS5 54Feb 86 4,AugS6 54Eeb.87, 9,903 
108479 O11 10 5 Aug35 5 Feb 86, 5 Aug36. 74Feb 87) 21,028 
13 5 9 9 13% 12810 AugS5 10 Feb.86 $ AugS6 $3 Feb.87| 62,764 
65 2 4 5 7 64 2JulySS 3 Feb 86, O July86 14Feb.37, 6,312 
t# nil. a nil | nil. Oe tee ot 
10 416 6102, S$ 3 SeptS5 3 Mar86 4 Sept36 5 Mar87, 8,94) 
ose ons be 10 AugS5 10 Feb.86 10 AugS610 Mar87, 3,630 


3,945 
8,948 


: 1,000 
7 51123106 | 8 Jne. 85 § Dec.85) 8 Jne.86, 8 Dec.36 } ‘ 
6 


ei Stee . 0 Wate S| = nate 4 
Bee ‘ <8 r es , 
Tet es re Sd eS oe fh 
ee Pee nee ‘ pres 


1,873 


129542 
1,100 
1,187 
3,200 


11,145 
5,413 


ate gers aT s, 








NAME. 


—— 


TRUSTS. 
American Lav estine ont Trust, 
Limited, 5 % preferred... 

Do deferred .. 
Foreign, American, ‘& ‘Genk. 
Invest. Trust, L.—Pref. 
Do deferred 
Do 4% perpetual deb. stk. 
Foreign & Col. Gov. Trust, 
Limited, 5 7 preferred 
Do deferred 
Globe Telegraph and Trust 
Do 6 % preference 
Governments Stock Invest- 


eeeeeeeee 


THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL. 


MISCELLANEOUS COMPANIES—Contiru2d 


CAPITAL. 


Number ot 
of Shares. 


‘ss 


=H 
£500,000 Stock |100 


£750,000) Stock as 
£750,000) Stock '100 
£500,000! Stock |100 


£1,202,455| Stock |100 
£1,106,755| Stock |100 
178,992) 10 | 10 
179,177; 10 | 10 


PRICES OF THE 
MontH Last 


Busi- 


Last yrs. 
iv. yld. | 


n vestor | 


ness jat Latest 


Done. 


118} 1183 11153 1154) 1153 
125113) 1094 | 1134 1134 


11431145 113 | 144, 1134 
149 115 112 1144) 1144 
102 tos 102 103 | | 1024 | 


1214112331214 1235. 
1224/1254 1224 1255) 

ba] 53) 54, Syx) 
2H 128 12h 12x 


Price. 
|PerCent.| 
csateeelieeitiniansiinill 


‘ 


9121 
91135 


slii0)| 113 | 5 Sep. Y 
91195/112 | 5 Sep. 85) 
9103 100 | vi me) 


a 


; 


3 
oo 
oa 


01234) 1 1041 5*July85 
6131 ee 


2 1iiPadd Jan.,, 


| PRICESOF 


1887. 


—_—_——————— 


pceasincieatied = 
i me | 
|e | 


Rate % per Annum, 


3 
: 
o 


| 


5 Mar8&6 
7 Mar 86 


5 Mars6 
7 Mar8s6 


1154, 5*Sep. 85, 
694 5*Sep. 85 


5 Jan. 86, 
9 Jan. 86) 
3gJulyS6) 
April, | 


5*July85| 
45 J uly85; 


| 


" Interim. 


cbtuiateenpeene 


——————— 
_—_—_ 


Resry, & 
ae aft 
|LastDiv, 

|—— 


£ 


including Bonus, 


| 
Mars?) 
Mar$7} 


5 Sep.86 5 
5 Sep. ad 7 


Mari! 
Mar87 
4 Dec.S6! 


} 


5 Se $6 5 

B Sena: am | 

4 Jne.86 

5*July8t| 5 ov Jan.87) | , 

5*July86) 9 Jan.87| 

“Qtrly 2/6 /p.s. to dte.| 
July, | Oct. 


9) 993) 924! 5 July85) 5 Feb. 86 


106 102 se 


911183|1124) 5*Aug85) 5 
0 118), io 5 *Aug85| 
10) 35 | 33 3) Mar85) 
5 104) 94) S*July85 
“ 107! 95) 5 5*July85 

6113 WL} 5 Aug 85 
v}105 103 | 44JulyS5) 
0) 95 | 92h) 4 Oct. 85] 

30 | 24 ) L Apl.85 
09 | 73/ 0 July85 
0) 25 6 Aug85 


23° | 

181}/179 | $ May85| 8*Nov85) 8 artes 

0187 |179 stm 8 831 Mar 86 cence 

3 17441165 | 74July85) 74Jan.86) 74Ju y8t) 7 
| 95 | 6 Oct. 85) 6 Apl. = 6 Oct. SE! 


£500,000] Stock ilk 
£100,000) Stock . 


£250,000) Stock |100 
£250,000] Stock |100 
4,289} 50 | 50 
8,000} 10/10 
50,000| 20 / 10 
£1,000,000} 100 |100 
£250,000} 100 |100 
£1,700,000| Stock |100 | 933) 044 93)) 94 
£1,700,000) Stock {100 | 29} 30 | 28} 233 
50,000; 10|10| 731 8| 72, 8 
24 | 249, 24 | 24 


954| 9631 953, 965 
103 103° 103 105 | 


1123/1154 1123! 1153) 
1134/0145 1133) 1144) 
34 | 35 | 33 34x 


5 July) 5 Feb.87) 


| 4h Jan, 87) 


ment, Limited eevveveveres 

Do 45 ¥% debenture stock 

Mercantile Investment and 
General Trust Pref. 

Do do Deferred ...... 
Municipal Trust, Limited... 
Omnium Securities, L. —«A” 
Railway Debenture Trust, L 

Do 5%, deb,, red. at 10 pm. 

Do 44 % debenture stock! 
Railway Investment, L. pref 

Do deferred 
Railway Share Trust,L. A sh 

Do 6% Bsh. 
Ist Scottish American Trust 

Company, Limited 

2nd do, do 

3rd do, do 
Submarine Cables’ Trust . 


WAGON & RAILWAY 0 
Ashbury Railway C 
& Iron, Limited 
Do new 
Birmingham Rail oe 
and Wagon, Limited... 
Do second issue 


reference 6% 
Beach and South Wale 


Railway Wagon, Lim. .. 
British Wagon, Limited . 
Do 


5 Mar86) 
8 Mar86; 
3hMar 86) 
5 Feb.86) 
7 Feb.86| 
5 Feb.86) 
4} Jan. 86) 
4 Apl.86; 
© Oct. 85 
4 Feb.86 
6 Feb.86 


5*Augs6, 5 Mar. $i| 
5* Aug 86) 8 Mar.87 
34Sept8u, 34Mar87 
5*July8t| 7 7 Feb.8i 
5*July8t; 9 Feb.87) 
5 Aug86| 5 Feb.8;) 
4hJuly86) 45Jan.87 
340ct. 86, 4} Apls7) 
4 Apl.sé! } for st! 
4 July8t) 4 Feb.8; 
6 AugS8€) 6 Feb.8; 





5,083 
90,906 


Oex} ... | 
10 | 10} 10 
112 113 112 133 
104 105 |t03 104 


i$ 
104 


te & RB te D GO: Or 


— 





| 
8*Nov36| 51,414 
8}Mar8j| 62,347 
T4Jan.87} 48,138 
6 ApLsi| 1,949 


180 '180 
184 184 179 [1794 
1694/170 | 169 170 

7h 94 95}| 954 


100 |100 
100 |100 
100 |100 


oo ui, be obs ann 5 Nov84| nil since | 
| 3 . wes os 5 Nov84| nil since | 


10 | 83) 5*Aug85)10 Feb. 86 5* Aug 86) 5 reps 
34) 28 5* Aug85/i0 Feb.86; 5*Aug86) 5 Fe | 

| ils) 11 | 6 ange 6 Feb.86| 6 Aug8t! 6 Feb.87 
17,168 
9,562 


4410 Aug85.10 Feb.86) 8?AugS€|10 Feb.8; 
94; 6 Aug85| 6 Feb.S6| 6 Aug.8i| 6 Feb.87 
|} 37. 
2,500 


56 | 17 | 18 | 
6] | 
10 | 83: 9 83 | 
#| 2! 23) 
ni pus 


| 

44) +48) 44) 
94x} 93) 94! 
4éx} 5 | 4¢| 

Do Qsx} 23) 
Gloucester Wagon Co., Lim. 5al 54! 

Do 5th issue 2 | 
Lincoln Wagon & Engine,L. 34) 33) 
Metrop. Railway Carriag 

and Wagon, Limited... 43] 
Midland Rail Car.& Wagon 

Do 6% preference {Lim. 
North Central Wagon (RO, 

therham) ...........--+ @- 

Do 2nd issue ....--....+- * 

Do 3rd issue 

Do 4th issue 
Railway Carriage, Limited* 

Do preference shares 
Railwa ay Rolling Stock 
Do 6% pref., ircedeemabl 

Do 67 pref., irredeemab} 
Scottish Waggon, or 

Do new shares.. ; 
— Car & W ago, 





42/ 6 Aug85| 6 Feb.86) 6 Aug8t| : Feb8i 
2 | 6 Aug85)| 6 Feb.86| 6 Aug86) 3 Mars 
5} 4 Sen. 85| 3 Mar8é 3 Sep. 86| 3 Mar8; 

18| 4 Sep.85| 3 Mar86| 3 Aug 86) 3 MarS7| 
3} 7 Mar84| 5*Aug84| 7 Mar 85) 6 slp 


5*Feb.8¢| 5 Aug86| 5*Feb. s 
0*Mar86| 6 Sep. 8t| 0* Mars; 
6 Mar86| 6 Sep.8t ee 


6 Aug85| 6 Feb.8¢} 6 AugS€) 6 Feb.8;| 
6 Aug85| 6 Feb.8¢} 6 AugS€! 6 Feb. 10,996 
; | 
6 Aug85| 6 Feb.8t; 6 AugSt) 6 Feb. 87) 
6 Aug85| 6 Feb.86¢| 6 Aug86/ 6 Feb.Si, 
0 Feb.85| 0 Aug85| 0 Feb.8t| 0 Aug8.|) 6,491 
Ofor]836) } Debit. 
YsJuly8t) 3 Jan.37 
an | 3,309 


i| 6 for 83 \6 for 1884) 0 forl88é | 
6 July86) 6 Jan.8i 
} 11,730 


SSakte 


45)10 Aug85 a 
0 Sep. 85 
6 Sep.85 


aoe 
ob + ls ea 


5 

6 

6 
15%} 6 
12! 
54) 


4 
2H 


_ 
or 


nage noosninnenesi 


~ 


— 
to 
“4 
SWBSH AGOM ABHRargango ANA 
~ 
aS Cam CBROUONDM 


ZES~ 





ao a 
Tene 
~ 


~ 2 


45, 4 
| 98) 0° 


‘iy 10° 
3h 3a 


_ 
o 


‘| 6 July85| 6 Jan.86 
6 July85| 6 Jan.86 
5hJuly85| 54Jan.86| 
5hJuly85) 54Jan.86 
5 Apl. 82} 6 AplL.83 
5 Apl.82) 6 Apl. 83 
0 Sep.82) 0 Sep.83| 0 Sep .84) 0 Sep. _ 
0 Sep.82) 0 Sep. 83 0 Sep ‘84| ro 

14 12 Aug85)12 Feb. 86/12 Augs6 2 Feb 8; 
6 Feb.86) 6 Augé6) 6 Feb. 31 


3*AugSt) -) since 
6 July 86 6 Jan.87 
6 Septs6| 6 Mar.87 


42 AugS6) 54 Feb. 87) 
44 Aug 86 54 Feb.87 
4g Aug86) 5gFeb.67 


Bjuly8t) 5 5 Jan.3i 
5gJuly8e) 5 Jan. 8;} 
6 Apl. 84) 0 Apl.85| 
6A 184 ; Apl. “| 


HAA A & 
J 
XTAQAWOS 

Seeoo 
LALLA 5m > Qa on 


3 : 
23 wo: 
ue 


2 July85| 2 Jan.86 
6 July8t) 6 Jan.87 
326 
734 


Swansea Wagon Lim. (ord. 
Do 10 % preference ...... 
Union Rolling Stock, Lim... 
Do Preference 6 % 
United States Rolling Stock 
(istand 2nd issues) ... 
Do 6 % debentures 
Do 6% Real Estate bds.,’9. 
Yorkshire Railway Wagon, 
Limited, A 
Do 3rd issue B 


OTHER OOMPANIES |——— 
Aberdeen Conmmercial oO 
Aberdeen Lime , 24) 2 
Aerated Bread, Limited . "8 
Agricultural Hall, Limited 
Anglo - American Brush 

Light Limited 
Argentine Sugar Estates,&c. 
ArthurG uinness & Co. L.Or 

Do 6 % preference 


8,7 


ao 


aie 
4| 214) 204) 6 Aug85 
144) 11 


4 
01106 |102 | 6 July$5 
9107 1102} as 


$| 83! 8 | 5 Aug85 
9 3%) 33) 5 Aug85 
9 4) §| 5 Aug85] & 
th 3 349/10 ApL84|10 Oct. $4)10 Apl.85)10 Oct. . 85 
23) 274/10 Novssl 5 5 Mar85jnil. 1885 juil. ar 
3 Bis 44| 8 Nov83/10 Nov 84{125*Nv$5|(75Nov86 


“8 74) 

ai*| 214! 2031 of? 

12 123 114) 124 

100 |1034)105 (102 '1034 
100 /103x{104 |102 103 


19,504 






6 Jan.86 


5 Feb.86 
5 Feb.86 
5 Feb.86 


Smo o oO ha Emo 


"3,500 
1,827 





2,826 


“BS GS oe bey 


+ 12 Mar81/12 Mar$2)10 Mar8310 Mar84| 

2 3 | 

0 Feb, $5, 0 Aug85} 2 Feb. 86) ni nil, since | 

193| 263] 193] 26g 264, 264 2 0 a 10% an eT 
13k 134! 1341 131 138 | 133! 12 we NG apher 


4 0 Aug84| 0 Feb.85| 0 Aug85, 2 Feb.86 
i 
4 ‘ to “y¥ ” 
200,000' 10 ae = 
* Present title Oldbury Railway Carriage and Wagon Co., Limited. a £1 perfshare of capital returned. — 


/ 


] 



































——— 














































































































April 30, 1887.| THE INVESTOR’S MONTHLY MANUAL. 181 
MISCELLANEOUS COMPANIES—Continued. 
vate PRICES OF THE Last yrs. PRicEsoF 
7 CaPitTaL. Mont. a ~~ 1887. DIvIDENDs. 
- —S Busi. | 2vestor — 
aft | — rp seed “ot {Pas e 2/28 ness “Pree | 2 | £ | Rate % Astin fatiadiing Be Binceaft 
- 0 ares. |. | SD | S| nnum, includin nus, ce.alt 
iv | | Share @ o}e 3 | | Done. PerCent.) = | —"? Interim. ’ t Div. 
: HEE Oe LES) Le om 37,510] 5| 4 | wee ; 
Arnott and Co. D 44x} 43; 44) 43) 43,713 O 48 42) . | . ’ 
= | | —_ ohn) and Co, oe , | 3 ‘ 3 ! : Ps 84Sep. 85 | $4Sep. 86 8) Mar87, 15,200 
Belfast, Limited ......... 15,000 5) 4) 54x)... |... | 5h) 5) 5 16 3 5} 53) 8*Sep.85) 8 Mar86! S*Sep.86| 8 Mar87! 4,783 
Asa Lees and Co., Limited... 1,600} 100 | 80 {124 |... | ... [128 | 128 | 8 5 6... |... 124Nov83 124May84 104NovS4_15 May85 41,695 
S04 | Assam Railway & Trading, eel 
Limited—preferred .. 35,000) 10/10} 44) 45 43 45 4B lw | oP = a sil 
De deberbOl send. <ésscsainive 43,7 cL Shia) eo el ac 1 ae . we - 
Do 6 % debentures .........) £242,400) 100 |100 /101 \02 101 102 | 1014 | 5 17 6104 100 | 6 July85) 6 Jan.86) 6 July86! 6 Jan.87|__.... 
5045 Assets Realization, Limited 39,980} 10) 4/ 7j| 73 7) 74 78> 8 5 6 8) 7 |10*July85;25 Jan.8610 July86/20 Jan.87| 3,368 
Australasian Elec. Light,&c. 24,060 in Wa Bae | Cae «ree | ae * aes perene # 2 i ies on x an 
Aylesbury Dairy, Limited...| 220,000 Ei See Wh Bi Bibs sae Pe Od g|10 aiarss) 5 sages! 5 Mar86; 0 Aug86} 1,077 
B. Morris and Sons, Lim... 24,000 5) 5] 7/7 64 7! 7 'S1l 6 9! C4 “a (12 Jan. $612 July86)12 Jan 87 3,509 
1 043 Bahia Cntr]. SugarFactories, 
ian LIP ROR jp aincdeicheitinece- 9,150) 20) 20) 6 | 63) 55) 6| .. [4613 4 G6} 5}| 7*Aug.S4)7 for 84-5| 5 Mar86| 5 Dec.S6| 3,253 
“ Barnagore Jute Factory, L. 40,000; 10,10; 5| 55; 44) 5{ 5g) nil. | 55 4 7 Dec.83) nil. since 1,768 
Barrett's Brwry & Botlg., L 33,334 5 | 5 | Sfx; 64) 5); 6}; 65 8 O OF TE 53 one. (50 Oe 86/10 Feb.87 733 
284 Bedford Park (L) “A” shs. 12,500; 10;10; 3, 2) 1} wy... S ; 3) 3 Last | dividend /Sept. 1883}... 
Bede Metal & Chemical, L. 8,000; 25 | 20 é{ ves | ao Oh 74 | We a ne vo ove ve oe 
5 083 Birkenhead Brewery, Lim... 22,254) 10) 5/| 5.) 58) 53) 53) 54> 4 5 9 53 5a) 8 Dec.$3/10 Dec.84) 74Dec.85| 44Dec.8€/ 
) Birmingham Exchng. Build- | see | 
0.906 ings, Limited ............ 1,400) 25 | 25 | 31s| 31}; 30!) 31 | 31 | 5 4 % 32, 30 | 5*Sep 85) 8*Mar86| 5*Sep 86) 8*Mar87|_... 
BirminghamNewUnionMilli| 14,910; 1/1] Hi # x! & 3. ¥ fe) 74Jne. $2! 74Jne. 83/10 Jne. $4] 5 Jne.85| 11,094 
Birmingham Small Armsand a Ae 
Metal, Limited ......... 8,126} 25 | 25 | 3543) 359) 33} | 335) 343 | 3 10 6 37} 333, 5 Sep. 85! 5 Mar.86) 74Sep.86'10 Mar.87/ 21,119 
Blackpool Pier .............5. £50,000) Stock.| 100 129) (31 128 (1203; 123 6 12 131 123! 8 Dec.83; 8 Dec.84; 8 Dec.85; 9 Dec.86} 1,026 
Do W. Gardens, &e. ...... 9,736 §{ 5] 3;} 3), 3 Sar Sy 6 8 6 3% 3 \4 for 1884/4 for 1885)4 for 1856) oat sal 
Bodega, Limited...:........... 40,000; 5| 5| 2) 24 | 2. 1g 4210 6 2%! 14110 July84! O Jan.$5)10 July$5| 5 Jaly86| 5,053 
"a Bradbury and Company,Lim) — 15,000) 10} 7 | 3,) |... | 38) 33 10 7 6 3g 34)10"AugS4/10 Feb.85, 5*Aug85| 5 Feb.8t] 794 
53 940 Brighton Aquarium ......... 6362, 10/10) if & df a we | oh | Gl | | one nil. * 
nis Do Preference.............. 4,207 10; 10/ ... ed Soe = aaa .. | 4% in 83) 3% in 84; 2% in 85) 2$ in SG}. 440 
1949 Brighton Grand Hotel, Lim. 23,898 Bp | cee | cee | nee nee | one 3 9 Feb.85) 4*Aug85| 8 Feb.86) 4°Augs€ : 
ae Brill’s Brighton Baths, Lim GALT) 2D AD | | vee | cee foes | nee and w+ | se ( 3§Feb.82) 3 Feb.83! 3 Feb. $4! 3 Feb.85| _... 
Bristol Coll. Green Hotel, L 3,081; 10/10! 4;| 43; 4{ 43) 43/424 5) 43 33 2 MayS5, 14Nov85, 1 MayS86; 3 Nov&¢! 859 
Brooke, Simpson, & Spiller, | cs | 
Limited, A? sn. siisnec occ 17,000; 5 | 44) 3f] 4° 3i; 4 41717 6 4 33 ii eel .. . 17* Aug 86! 7 Feb pe 
Brown, Davis, and Co., Lim. 15,000| 9 517.3 1}) as} } 1k - i; 3a i) 5 July$4, 5 Jan.85' 5 for 85 i 0 for “6 2,270 
Broxburn Oil, Limited ...... 23,500, 10 8h} 173} 174, 153) 153) 15 [19 78 6 224 15225 Ine. 85.25 Dec.85'25 Jne.86'25 Dec.8€} 29,101 
Brunner, Mond, and Co, L} 47,500} 10 | 10 | 263| 264, 254/26 | 26 | 7 24 6! 264 25920 AugS5 20 Feb.86 20 AugS6!20 Feb 87)) 
93,12 Do de 22,500; 10 3} 7s} 8; 75) Ti 8 1712 6 8 | 7%! ... 20 Feb.86:20 Aug.86/20 Feb 87) 133443 
‘ Do7 % preference ........ 22,500, 10 | 10 /i3{>| 14 134) 139) 13f) 5 1% 144) 13j) 7 AugS5, 7 Feb86 7 Aug86) 7 Febs7) 
Do a 12501} 10) 6 (tOgs! 12 103) 102, 30g | 3 17 sity 8}! ... | 7 Feb.86\ 7 Aug.86| 7 Feb 87 
ill Bryant aad May. Limited 80,000) 5! 5 | 13:| 15 134} 144 144g 6 1h 6 17, 134)15*Aug85 30 Feb.86 175*Ag.86|224Feb 87)" 160,000 
4 Burnley Paper Works, L. 9,942| 5 33; 41; 44 4/ 43 32155 9 © 48 4 110 Sep,8510 MarS6 5 Sep. 86) 5 MarS7; 5,862 
9.559 Burntisland Oil, Limited ... 13,700; 10. 81) 113) 115 102):0% 103 1@ 2 © 15} 10520 Jne.85'20 Dec.85,20 Jne. 86/20 Dec.8i| 3,369 
’ Cannock and Co., Limited... 21,250 a). 6 | 3 fe Niece 2. a 3 '8 0 3k 3) 6 AugS5 6 Feb.86, 6 Aug86| 6 Feb.s7; 7,753 
sesall © Devilzon and'Sons, Lim| 72000, | 1| 2) 2% 1) 2) 2 | 5 O 6 2% 14410 Oct.83,10 Oct. S410 Oct. 85)10 Oct. 8€} 23,463 
iy ntral Sugar Factories of | re Led | nt? at . 
2,500 Brasil, Lim.--prefeered 19,050, 20 | ~ | = | E , mil, |... | ee 64*Tuly$3 6$*Jan.S4 nil since.| Con spany| 
Do 54 % Ist mort. debs... 80,000! 100/100; ... | -. ess ove: digas al 54Jan.86 54J uly86!in liguida- 
00,000 ne debentures ... 63,000} 100 1109 | om | ve [are [eee | | 3 Feb.86, 8 Aug.86) tion. 
eshire Amal > =| 
“38 Works rage 7 9,945 20/20) gsx| 8} 7;| 8) 73/6 5 O| S$ 7§ BZFeb.83 3 Feb.S4) 2}Feb.86] 2) Feb S;| 
City of London Brewery, L. £412,500/Stock. | 100 Sone ose | coo | coe | cee | |e |... | we 14 Feb.$510*Aug8516 Feb.86,10* Aug 86 
Do 6% participating pref 7,500) 25/20) 45 | 47 45/46 | 46 (6 2 & 47 | 44 /10*AngS516 Feb.86'10*Aug$6/18 Feb.87| } 106936 
all oD new ordina aie 60,000 5 2)... | tee lass [nee | eee | tee | nee | one [I Feb.85 10"Aug85 16 Feb.86)i0* Aug 86} 
’ lty oO | ' 
"petty mae on 20,000! 25 | 12 | 163| 17 | 16 | 163; 163 | 5 7 10 17 | 16| § Jne.85| 6*Dec.85, 8 Jne. 86) G*Dec.8€) 51,262 
eu oe re 40,000 124) Thi 93| 94 91 93) 93|)5 2 8, 93 9 | 6 Jne.85, 6*Dec.85) 6 Jne. 86) 6*Dec.86, 8,164 
Detit | ltyofSantoslmp (L.),pref| 10,000) 10/10 12) 13 12) 13) 12g) 2 6 3 13) NG. | | 7 for 85) 3 for 8)... 
City Offices, Limited. | 17,003, 40/363) 8| 8| 7/ 7) 73|5 9 © 9! 7 | 140ct.85) 1ZApl.861,4,0ct. 86) 1 AplSi)} 
Do 44% mt sk.-fd.) 100 {100 |100 }!01 100/101 984 | 4 9 GLO] | 97 | 44July85! 44Jan.S6) 44July86! 4$Jan.87|f *** 
3,309 bZmrt.bds,(1%sk.-fd.)} 120,000 | 2 8 | 5 
, Clifton Hotel, Limited 2,715) 10 | Sistah st sl reba | a OL Geeareas wheel 5 Ponsa sarensel 
: Clifton Suspension Bridge. | 3250, 10|10| 7%) 78 7§| 7@ 78/412 6| 72! 74) 3)Feb.83) 37Feb.S4| 3jFeb.85) 34Febs6, 520 
11,730 Clippen’s Oil, Limited & Me 21000! 10 110! 6| 6, 4! 5H 4% 113 19 oO 93, 4%, 5 for 83/10 for 8412 for 85| 7} for 86... 
236 | otis! Company, Limited] 200,000 10 | 6)... | oe we | eri | Sf 8 | Sn een od egenee oe ange 
pagnie Générale wc*| — yz000! 6 | 6| 93} 10, 9%! 105 105 | 2 7 % 105, 8984 for 83,124 for 84/168 for 8$5)44, for 86] 15,262 
8,734 "A|  £200,535)Stk. | 19} 19 18/19) 18% | nil. | 213) 13 | 2)Mar83, 3 Mar84) nil | since | 
eystal Pale ese. B| £802,140/Stk. 1100 | 34 34 23) 3 | 2 | nil | 54, 23No dividend —redemafter7})paid on A.| > 3,923 
19,504 Do 6 % debenture stock £327,000 Stock. |100 | 924) 924) 801) 84g, 84 | 7 2 G135 S04) 6 says?) cae 6 ene aah 
, 0 Consol 5 3 < Stock |100 | 574| 575) 471! 595 50 | 419 9| 75 | 473) 5 July85| 5 Jan.86) 5 July86) 0 Jan.87) __.. 
sol 5 % deb. stock| £161,000 | O48) 4: | oni as 5 iB 5 
Culter Mj o . 13) 1 35:x; 38 34 3% 3314 9 6} 31h) 33 [124 for $2/15 for 83)15 for 84| i5 for 85| 12,890 
ills Paper, Lim. .. 40,0006 veel cet ol. all ‘ates | = | pal +.85| 6*Apl.86) 8 Oct. 86) 7 Ap!.87) $5,076 
Dalgety and Co Limited 200,000 on 5 7 | j 63) 6! 6K 6 il 0} ‘ 63) 7 Oct. 85) 6 Pp “OU cu. ‘ P “Ol Ve 
Do 44% debont ree £500.006| Stock |100 |107 109 107 1:08 108 | 4 3 4109 104 | 4}Jne. 85) 4}Dec.85' 43 Jne. 86! 44Dec.86)__... 
Dal os ee eee ean! 10) 7 | 174, 173; 16116! 16 |£0 18 % 234! 16 (30 for 83\20 for 84:25 for 85.25 for 86, 17,75 
meny Oil, Limited ..... 2,700 oye) zd) 3 Sai 8 | = 17 16} > y8€) 
Davy Brothers, Limited 3,000, 50 | 223] 165| 17 | 16 | 163, 20) | 5 9 3) 17 | 16 | hJuly83) 74JulySé) Sptuly85 $ FalySe) LINO 
5,590 MMI|| Devas, Routled » Se i} 20,000; 10} 7| 63| 6) G} Gt 6) | 5 22 6, 6} 5,! 5 July85| 5 Jan.86| 5 JulyS6| 5 Jan.87| 8,928 
' istillers, Limited...” $3768} 10 | 10 | 138|l4zq) 13) (4ty| 148 | 7 26%! 144: 13715 AugS5 10*Feb.S6 12 AngS6!.0*Feb.87/ 128,402 
_— || Dublin (South) City Market! 20000; 10 10| 34! 3h 3i/ 38) 34 ... | 3% 38) nil | nil | /1/2Feb.86'1/ Feb.87) 1,016 
unville and Go., Limi 10| 10 29; ... |... (29% 290i) 6 16 7)... |... \20*AprS5/20 Oct. 85)20*Apr86/20 Oct. 86; 160,195 
a E e an .» Limited... 50,000) V |<vi6 43 | Sk) 44 5 July86 
5 00 MM Hig Om UeE ween 11,968) 5) 5} 43) 48, 4) 48 4 | eer | rol | pee sh | 
3, urgh Station Acces: | mag: | 5 
2 eRe: |» | | 7) 6216 8 €) Th 6% 2 Oct.83) 4 Oct. 84) 5 Oct.85) 440ct. $6 
1,827 pitt Property, Lim. B” 3,069} 10/10; 7 |... |... 93 mg | 407 3 9} aa 44May85\ 44Nov85) 44May86' ttNovse -_ 
ss -o Preferense 44 % “ A’ 2,931; 10; 10) 9}...; .. | 9% . | es 2 7 
Edinburgh - - 1] 1} /3dx Boel 5 4 6 Ste 24416 July$3,16 July84)16 July85 16 Jualy86; 3,410 
3.926 Mm inburghSouthe Glossary el EL at i si) TT Beas a i 144)12}Jne, 83 12}Jne. $4)12}Jne. 85/12hIne. °6, 2,246 
= iatburgh Westn. Censors 10,438 1 l | 255 2}| Qo, 2h, te 414 0 23 14H12 er ere wee aly 5, 
Syptian Cigarette& French mie onl ' 33 2 
ovrnamt. Tobaccos, L. 4sq 13,334) 5! 5) 23 23 23 27 2h 7.2 





eee SSS _0—_00a 










aoe 






THE INVESTORS MONTHLY MANUAL. 


——————:2 
[April 30, 1887. 


MISCELLANEOUS COMPANIES—Contiru:d. 


PRICES OF THE fae yrs.| PRICESOF 
MonrTH, Last divs. yld.| 1887. 
et -—_—__——| Busi- Investor | 


; 3 ness jat Latest, 
| Rate % per Annum, including Bonus, Bunce, aft 


oO | \¥ 2 
| "wo | E Done. Price. 
soe wk pa eee ncaa * Interim. (LastDiy. 


TRUSTS. _—_—i| | | a i 7 : 


DIvIDENDs. 


Last Four. 


CAPITAL. 


Amt. #) 4 
Number | @ | 

of |Par. aie 

of Shares. |), are. io | 8 


° £ 


912) 1158) 5*Sep. 85) 
9, 1134}1695) 5*Sep. 85 


5 
~ 
j 


hi 2,396 | 


Mar Si! 
Mar8;| \ 28,504 
Dee. 86) 


143, 114}, us 4g 1134 siu19} 1113 | 5 Sep. 85) Mar86 5 Sep.86' f 
Mar86, 5 Sep.86) 


| 4 Jne.86, 


5 
7 


tt Ome Goer Aw 


5 Feb.87! 
| 4}Jan.87) 


Q 


American Investment Trust, | | | | 

Limited, 5 % preferred...| £500,000| Stock '100 1184, 118} 1154 1154) 1153 Mar86_ 5 Sep.86 5 Mars?) | 

£500,000) Stock |100 12g 34 1094: tea 113} -| 
Foreign, American, & Genl. 
Invest. Trust, L.—Pref. 
£750,000| Stock |100 [11451155 112 1144) 1144 91193/112 | 5 Sep.85, 

Do 4% perpetual deb. stk.| £500,000! Stock |100 |102 | 103 102 103 | paons 9103 100 | | 
Foreign. & ee Gov. Trust, 

Do deferred. £1,106,755| Stock |100 |1224 1254 12241259, 125 6131 1214) 5*July85| 9 Jan.86) 5*July86) 9 Jan.s7) J | o3so4s 
Globe Telegraph and Trust ‘178,992; 10 | 10| 53) 53) 53. Syx| 59 | [ 53 48) 45July85, 38July86 "Qtrly 2/¢ |p.s. to dte. 4 
Governments Stock Luvest- | | | | 

ment, Limited _ 954) 963) 95} 965, 96% | 9 994) 924) 5 July8s 5 Feb. eb.86 5 Julys¢! 
Mercantile Investment and | ene 

General Trust Pref. £250,000 Stock | 1123/1154 1194) 1153) 115 9/1183) 1124) 5° Ang85) 5 Mar86. 5* Augs6 5 Mar.$7! } 
£250,000) Stock "0 i134)1144 11351144) 114} 01184) 1125| 5*Aug85| 8 Mar86) 5*Aug3t, 8 Mar.81| | 8,284 


Me 


Do deferred Mars6 5 Sen, 56 Mars 
£750,000! Stock |100 
Do deferre ed 
Limited, 5 % preferred] £1,202,455 stock|100 1219)123) 121), 1235 123 0/1234) 19) 5*July85) 5 Jan.86| 5*JulySt) 5 Jan.87 
Do 6 % preference 179,177 10 | 10 - 128) 12} 12x 125 0) 128/ 11}'Paid Jan., April, | July, | Oct, 
Do 4} % debenture stock) £100,000] Stock |100 |103 103° 103 pa 1044 106 |102 | 11,045 
} — 
100 
Do do Deferred ......... 
Municipal Trust, Limited... 34 | 35 | 33 34x| 35 10| 35 | 33 | 3}Mar85| 3hMar86) 34Sept8e| 34Mar8; 
Omnium Securities, L. “A” 


Railway Debenture Trust, L 
Do5% deb,, red. at 10 pm.) £1,000,000 








92x! | $$) Oh 
10 169 10 | 103) 104 
12 |113 112 113 | 1123 
104 105 1103 rad 105 


3 103) 94! 5*July85) 5 Feb.86) 5*July8t| 7 Feb.87 
6) 10%; 99) 5 “July 85| 7 Feb.8€| 5*July8t 9 Feb.87) 
6113 11d | 5 ‘Ang 85| 5 Feb.86| 5 Aug 86) 5 Feb.8;) 


mM 


5,083 
90,906 


Do 44 % debenture stock! £250,000 
Railway Investment, L. pref) 

Do deferred 
Railway Share Trust,L. A sh 

Do 6% Bsh. 
Ist Scottish American Trust 

Company, Limited 

2nd do, do 

3rd do, do 
Submarine Cables’ Trust .. 


Ashbury F.ailway Carriage} 
& en: Limited 
— new 
Birmingham Rail. Carriage 
4 Wagon, Limited.. 
Do second issue 
Do preference 6% 
Bristol and South Wale 
Railway Wagon, Lim. .. 
British Wagou, Limited . 
Do 


Do 
Gloucester Wagon Co., Lim. 
Do 5th issue 
Lincoln Wagon & Engine,L. 
Metrop. Railway Carriag 
and Wagon, Limited... 
Midland Rail Car.& Wagon 
Do 6% preference [Lim. 
North Central Wagon (Ro- 
therham) 
Do 2nd issue 
Do 3rd issue 
Do 4th issue ....- 
Railway Carriage, Limited* 
a preference shares 
Railway Rolling Stock 
Do 6 A pref., irredeemabl 
Do 6% pref., irredeemabl 
Scottish Waggon, Limited 
Do new shares 
Starbuck Car & Wagon, 
Do 


Swansea Wagon Lim. (ord. 
Do 10 % preference 
Union Rolling Stock, Lim... 
Do Preference 6 % 
United States Rolling Stock 
(istand 2nd issues) . 
Do 6 % debentures 
Do 6% Real Estate bds.,’9 
Yorkshire Railway Wagon, 
Limited, A 
Do 3rd issue B 
Do issue C .... 


100 
100 


£1 700,000 Stock 
£1 700,000 Stock 
50,000 


294) 


74) 
24 | 
180 


184 
1694) 


17 | 
3 


i 
ng Un 


"yy 
21 
12 


20 
£200,000! 100 1100 |1034 
£250,000} 100 |100 |103x 


10 


OTHER COMPANIES | 


Aberdeen Commercial 
Aberdeen Lime ............... 
Aerated Bread, Limited ... 
Agrienltural Hall, Limited 
Anglo - American Brusl 
Light Limited 
Argentine Sugar Estates,&c. 
ArthurG uinness & Co. L.Or 
Do 6 % preference 


414% 
4) 24 
1; 6 
10 


1| 


5 
5 
10 
10 
10 


4 
10} 14 
10 
10 


934, 949 93 


30 | 2 


8 | ‘ 
249 


18 | 
1| 

| 
g | 


23! 


214 


= 


7d 


24 | 


| 


83! 
23; 


43 
9h! 
4%) 
: 5 | 
18. 
3 | 


43) 
4 


74 74 
205) 21 


mst 23 233 


8 
243 


'180 
184 179 |1794 
170 |169 170 
975: my a5 


954 


eee 
om 


124 114) 124 
105 |102 1034 
104 102 103 


ic 


i 


475 
Ba 


43 


; 


a 


8 | 
34 


aa 
2) 


5 j 
| 


3i 


193} 264] 19 
13h 13% | a3fl 13 


84 
* 


4) 4 
24 
53 


"Oy “3 | Dy) “og! 


4 


ish 
Wagon Co. 


943 
28} 

73 
248 


179 
180 
169 

97 


Pda aghn 
of ae 


on 
aie 


t 
21} 
12 


103 
1034 


93 
4 


0 Aja! 38 
, ts 


AwBAavngand 


~ 


™ 


tS rt & D OD Or Or 
Rr eG OD & 89 Ce D 


a : 
ao- 


~ 
CNS OCOAmM SCWOUVUNDMS 


Aa AA D> © & & OM 
~ 8 
£5 ms 


Sm 
LQARWDSH 


& So 
SSE SokRER 


wom OO 


0105 103 stpatyen) 
mI 


| 4 Apl.86) 340ct. 86) 


4}Jan.86) 44July86) 4$Jan.87, 
4} Apl.87) 


& Oct. 85 4 Apl.86! £ for St) 


5) 4 Feb.86) 4 July8t/ 4 Feb.8; 


181}/179 
0187 |179 


6 Feb. 86 6 AugS8€| 6 Feb.s; 


8*Novss! 8 May86; 8*Nov8¢6 


= 


31744/165 


| 10 
| lls! 11 


ACerS Sele Ses 


, ove 


4 


74Jan. 86 
| 6 Apl.86) 


' 


5*Aug85\10 Feb. 86, 
5*Aug85|i0 Feb.86) 
6 Amat 6 Feb. 86 


44:10 Aug85 10 Feb.86 
94; 6 Aug85| 6 Feb.S6 
47/ 6 Aug85| 6 Feb.86 
2 | 6 Aug85) 6 Feb.86 
5 | 4 Sep.85) 3 Mar8é 
18| 4 Sep. 34 3 Mar86 
3 | 7 Mar84! 5*Aug84| 7 


47110 Aug85| 5*Feb.8¢ 
4| 0 Sep. 85) 0*Mar86 
6 Sep.85) 6 Mar8é 


6 Aug85| 6 Feb. 8€ 

6 Aug85| 6 Feb. 8t 

6 Aug8s| 6 Feb. 8t 

6 Aug85| 6 Feb.86 

0 Aug 85 

i| 6 for 83 |6 for 1884 

2 July85| 2 Jan.86 

‘| 6 July85| 6 Jan.86 

6 July85) 6 Jan.86 
54hJuly85) 54 Jan. 86 
5hJuly85) 54Jan.86 

5 Apl.82! 6 Apl.83 

5 Apl.82) 6 Apl.83 

0 Sep.82) 0 Sep.83 

0 Sep.82) 0 Sep.83 

74 "1 12 Aug85)12 Feb. 86 
214| 204) 6 Aug85| 6 Feb.86 


143 


83) 


34 "| 


11 


4 
1106 |102 | 6 Fuly85 6 Jan.86 


9107 |102 


8 
9 
9 


; 


8}; 8 | 5 Aug85| 5 Feb.86 
33) 34) 5 Aug85| 5 Feb.86 
3) #| 5 Aug85| 5 Feb.86 
344)10 Apl 84/10 Oct. 84 
24 23 

5a| al 
"byl “3 
Hi ai 
a0) 18 
13% 


8 Nov83) 10 Nov 84 
12 Mar81| 12 MarS8?2; 
| 0 Aug84| 0 Feb.85 
0 Feb.$5) 0 = 


0| 84Mar86 ora, peel 84Mar8; 


10 Nov83| 5 Mar85j\nil. 1885 


Bae £1 perfshare of capital returned. 


74July$ 
6 Oct 8 


74Jan.87 
6 ApL8i 


5 Noval nil since | 
5 Nov84| nil since 

5*Aug st] 5 
5°Aug 86) 
6 Aug sé 


Feb.87 
5 Feb.83 
6 F eb. 87] 


93,122 


17,168 


9,582 


= 


S7Aug8¢ | 10 Feb.8;| 
6 Aug.8i| 6 Feb.8) 
6 Aug 86 6 Feb 87| 
6 Aug86, 6 Feb.87| 
3 Sep. 86, 3 Mar8i 
3 Aug 8t) 3 Mar$7| 
7 Mar 85) 6 ~_ 
5 Aug 86! 5*Feb. s; 100,000 
6 Sep at | 0*Mar8; = 373 
6 Sen. 84 6 Marsi\j 
6 Angst 6 Feb. ’ 
6 AugSt| 6 Feb. si 10,396 
6 Aug 8t | 6 Feb.87| 
6 Augs6) 6 Feb.S;| 
0 Feb.8¢| 0 AugS.!) 6,491 
0 for188¢_ Ofor1836) } Debit. 
2hJuly8t; 3 Jan.87) 
6 Julys6) 6 Jan. 83 3,309 
6 Julys¢| 6 Jan.87) 
5pJuly86) 5 Jan.$7 i} 11,730 
54J uly 8¢| 5 Jan. 87} 
6 Apl.84| 0 Ap. 85| i} 396 
6 Apl.84) 0 Apl.85) 
0 Sep. 84) 0 Sep. af no 
0 Sep. 84) 0 Se . 85 


2 Aug86 !2 Feb.87 
6 Aug&6| 6 Feb.87 


8,i 
19,504 


3* Aug $4) nil since 
6 July86| 6 Jan.87 
6 Sept86) 6 Mar.87 


43 AugS6) 54 Feb. 87) 
44 Aug 86) 54 Feb. 5 
4g Angs6 54 Feb. 87} 


—} 


5L.85/10 Oct. 85 

10 10 Ap jail, 1886. as 
124*Nv85|175Nov8t Yeo 
10 MarS3/10 MarSt) 
0 Aug, 2 Feb.86; 
2 Feb.86) nil. - 

S |Jan., 
10 he = 12 Apl.87 
: 6 Apl.87 


‘9,826 





200, 
* Present title Oldbury Railway Carriage and , Limited. — 





<< 


- 


—- 


J sae 
































0,906 


1,414 
2347 
8,138 
1,949 


93,122 
17,168 
9,582 
37,598 
00,000 
10,896 


6,491 
Debit. 


3,309 


11,7 


8,734 
19,504 


5,580 


500 
1,827 









—— 





MISCELLANEOUS COMPANIES—Continued. 


eee casos ei, adi i a. enna ne -somnretcran 





CAPITAL. 



































RICES OF THE 





































































































Monru. Last (@ivs-yld. 1887. DIvIDENDs. 
E. Am ee] Busi- | tTatect Last F Rearv. & 
NAM z t. ) » ¢ “ latLatest + . 3 t Four. 
| cae of |Par.| = 2 | ees Price. | <, |B | Rate / per Annum, including Bonus, {Bince.aft 
| , hare. |o' | > Bs *|PerCent. = | 43 * Interim. Div. 
OM PANIES. TBS.—Cln, | | Sa op 
beret on (Du L. 37,510, 5 | 4/| 44x! 44) 43 x 44713 0 4h 47y| 84Sep. 85; 84Mar86) S4Sep. $6! 84Mar87 15,200 
Arnott (John) and on of : a | : a oe 
Belfast, Limited ......... 15,000 6| 4) Six|...;...| 53) Shi 5 a6 8 oR 5 8*Sep. 85, 8 Mar86 8*Sep. 86] 8 Mar87/. 4,783 
Asa Lees and Co., Limited... 1,600} 100 | 80 {124 124 | 124 8 Sh: . |I2gNov83 12)May84, 104Nov84,15 May85| 41,696 
Assam Railway & Trading, 
Limited—preferred ... mem 7 " 44 43) 4 43) * | ee | Sb i Bf a 
| 2 ‘el 
NaS ae £242'400| 100 100 101. (02'|101 {102| 1014 | 5 77 6104" 100 | 6 Juiy85| 6 Jan.86| 6 Jaly$6| 6 Jans7| 7 
Realization, Limited 39,980; 10 74; 73 7 | 74 72)8 5 6 8! 7 \10*July85i25 Jan.8610 July86/20 Jan.87| 3,368 
sauna Elec. Light, &e. 24,060 5 4) i; al he Ohi caused yee 4 | sa 
vlesbury Dairy, Limited...| 220,000; 1| 1 i 4 8] |. | OD) RO Marg5| 5 Aug85) 5 Mar86| 0 Aug86| 1,077 
8’ Morris and Sona, Lim..| 24,000 5| 5| 7 TH Gi 7| 7 |sit 6 9| CH]  ... ae July86'12 Jan 87} 3,509 
| 
tan Soper 9,150} 20 | 20) 6/| 63) 53] 6 | . |14613 4 G6} 5}| 7*Aug.84)7 for 84-! "% Mar86| 5 Dec.86] 3,253 
Barnagore Jute Factory, L. 40,000 10 10; 5 53) 44} 5 | Shi nil, | 53, 44) | 7 Dec.83) ne 
Barrett's Brwry & Botlg., L 33,334 5} 5 | 5g} 64) 5); 6} 63 8 0 6 TF 54 oan iN = ms A 7 
Bedford ne aA he — - = ji; 2 1 | "4 a igs | fa 1 Last | dividend |Sep “ 
eeakeed Maki ie | “| bal 52] 5a] 8g 14'S 9) 58 Dec.83|10 Dec.84) 74Dec.85| 4}Dec.86) |. 
Birkenhead Brewery, Lim... 22,254 10) 5 | 5; oa 5i} 53) 53 (4 5 9 5B 53 8 | ec. | 7 at 
irmi éxchng. Build. P | 
ee aad eel 1,400} 25 | 25 | 31s . ; 301) s . 5 4 9 32, 30| ee 5 8 snc 15*Sep 86 8*Mar81 (teen 
Birmingham New Union Mill 14,910 1); 1] & a Ys Es fees i Ye) 74Jne 7 | r 
Birmingham Small Armsand ey ee =3 9 10 M 
ie 35%) 33!) 33 8 10 6 373. 33)| 5 Sep.85| 5 Mar.86 74Sep. 86:10 Mar.87| 22,119 
BI ole See £50:000 Stock|100 i 281 a 128 | aa 123" G11 OIL 123! 8 Dee-83| 8 Dec $4) 8 Dec.$5| 9 Dec.86) 1,026 
De W. Guinn a 9736) 5{ 5) 3,\ 3) 3]. 3: 6 8 6) 33. 3 (4 for 1884/4 for 1885/4 for 1856}... ae 
ion, Le 40,000 5| 5| 2:| 24 34] 2) 1g 4220 6 22 19/10 July84! O Jan.$5'10 July85| 5 Julys6| 5,053 
Bodega, Limited.......... air igceel 10} 7 Bi\.. |... | 38! 38 100 7 6 33) 3910*AugS4it0 Feb.85, 5*Aug85| 5 Feb.8¢ 794 
Bradbury and Compaany,Lim 6.352} 10 10 t 5 i ar ce 4 Oho Lod nil. | nil. nil. nil. ave 
Rightion AGRA. sesri 4207, 10/10|.:.|.. 1... 1... | a | 4% in 83) 3% in 84| 2% in $5| 2 in SC]. "440 
Do Preference.............. <U4 5| 5i mee wi 9 Feb.85. 4*Aug85. 8 Feb. 86! 4* Aug St - 
Brighton Grand Hotel, Lim. 23,898 vee bore | ove | } {eee : | 3 Web st! 
4417, 20/11 | re || TT) gueb.g2) 3 Feb.83| 3 Feb. $4! ss], 
| Bristol Ce Gn Baths, Lim 3.081, 10 | 10 | “43| 431 4 | 43) 44/414 5 4) 39) 2 May85, 14Nov85) 1 May86| 3 Nov8t} 859 
risto 0 reen 0 ? j \ ~ | } - 
j| Brooke, Simpson, & Spiller, ; Peet * Aug86| 7 Feb 87} 
“A” 7 | > 4 3; a: a f 4? 33 lug. 7 Fe i el 
Limited, A aie sts t Wi 4 1 is eae ae i 5 Juiyss 5 Jan.85 5 for85 |Ofors6| 327 
| Bown, Davis, and Co.,Lim. esate! 10 83| 173] 174, 154} 153! 15§ \03 13 6 224 152'25 Ine.8525 Dec.$5'25 Jne.86'25 Dec.86| 29,101 
I Broxburn Oil, Limited ...... sens 10126 26;| 264 254126 | 26 7 24 0) 264 25920 AugS5.20 Feb.8620 Aug86\20 Feb 87)) 
[Prumer, Mond, and Co,L} 47,500) 10| 3| 7g} 8| 75) 7 8 1722 6 8 Tye... 20 Feb.8620 Aug.86|20 Feb 87| pee 
| De 7 22. 10 | 10 {i3%a| 14 | 13;) 139) 132) 5 2 4 148) 13j| 7 Aug$5 7 Feb 86 7 Augs6) 7 FebS7| 
| Do % preference ....... Peon 10) 6 ds! 11 | 103! 102, 20g 3 27 Sltlye 8}! ... | 7 Feb.86\ 7 Aug.86| 7 Feb 87! 
: Do do y 5! 5| 13° 15 134! 144° 1448 6 14 GAT | 134 15*Aug85 30 Feb.86 174° Ag.86|224 Feb § 87 160,000 
[vant and May, Limited... 80,000) 5 | 3i| 4]| 4 4) 4§ 3215 9 C| 48° 4 10 Sep8510 Mar86, 5 Sep.861 5 MarS-| 5,862 
| Burnley Paper Works, L. 9,942, 5 i | 115 1010)% 108 73 2 6 15j) 1020 Jne.85.20 Dec.85,20 Jne. 86/20 Dec.Si| 3,369 
A Cena eet ore} bi ai slot. | s) 8 18 0 6 Bh 316 Aug85| 6 Feb.86, 6 Aug86| 6 Febs;} _7,753 
Cannock and Co.,Limited.. | | 9} 2a 1H! 2/5 0 62% 83,10 Oct. $4.10 Oct. 85/10 Oct. 8¢) 23,463 
5c Devitens and Sons, Lim. 72,000} 1 | li 2 | 275 +i 2) 2 (5 O 62% Lie 10 Oct. 85 | 
I Centra ugar Factories of i | *July83 64*Jan.84 nil since.| Company 
nae Sani areseeTeS attae 100 hee r | eae. ar) i oh pa: 6yetan 86 54J uly86!in liguida- 
} 0 54 Ze lst mort. debs... ’ xed ie ia ty | a3 a 3 | 3 Feb. 86! 8 Aug.86 tion. 
| Do second debentures ... 63,000] 100 |100 ey res nT get Ptge es " 
}| Cheshire Amalgamated Salt | ~ nale « a 33F oad 3 Feb.84| 2}Feb.86! 2) Feb.87| 
Works, Limited .. ...... 5, 20 | mp S| oe Lt: ea Rays 10*Ang85 16 Feb.86|10"Aug8¢ 
| ity of London Brewery, L.,| £412,500|Stock. 10 45 (47 | 45/46] a6 [62 9 a | a t 10*Ang85 16 Feb.86'10*Aug86/1S Feb.87! | 106936 
|| Do 6% participating pref. coe. eee | pt] | It Feb.85 10"Aug85 16 Feb. $6|10" Aug 8¢| 
| ose new ordina shares... 60,000) 5| 2 | _ 2 s set res ah oral bean 
}|City of London Real Pro eee 3 5 71017} 16/85 e.85| 6*Dec.85, 8 Ine. *Dec. > 
 _ perty, Limited............ 20,000} 25 | 12 | is OH . a * 2 oes os 916 Ine 85| 6*Dec.85| 6 Jne. 36} 6*Dec. 86} 8°164 
© DOW srsuanisonces cise povecs 40,000 12}) Ri 94 13) 12/13, 124 26 313/11} ve . | 7 for 85) 3 for 8€| : 
City of Santos Imp (L.), pref. 10,000) a 363| 7 8|' 7171 mle ov e¢ ol 7 140ct. 85; 1}Ap pl.86 1,1,0ct. 86| 1 Apl.87! 
Oty Offices, Limited ......... Boog 100 {100 (100 {01 100 |1ol , 98h | 4 9 O1O1 | 97 | 44JulyS5| 4hJan.86) 4iJuly8e! 44Jan. 87) 
Hcuctigmrebds(isk-fa.)) 120,000) 3 | 10|4| 41 83) 4| 4 | nit | 44 33) 5 DecS2/ 0 Dec.83\ 0 DecSs| 0 Docs) 
Clifton Hotel, Limited ...... 2,715 s 10 4 | rT =! “8 O78 | 412 6 78 74) 3}Feb.83| 3?Feb.84! 3}7Feb.85) 34 Feb.86 520 
a Suspension Bridge... vue 10 0 | 10 10 a 6 4: 5# 4g 13 19 1 % fi 5 for 8310 mi a ~ = a 86 000 
‘ppen’s Oil, Limited ...... «t, | 43Jan.83) 5 July83) 5 Jan.84) nil since | , 
lonial Compan , Limited 200,000 A ee a esas. | | | 
Compagnie Générale des | 6 | | | | 104 9°} 105 108 2 7 % 104, 83) 84 for 83,124 for 84 16% for aly for 86! 15,262 
Asphaltes de France ... sien en | 19'| 19 18'| 19° 184 | nit | 213 13 | 2)Mar$3, 3 Mar84 nil | since 
Crystal Pal A £200, 535) Stk. } 100 | 19 | 34 23] § 23 | nil | 54. 23No divide und —rede m.after7}|paid on A.|} 3,923 
CERO cst B| £802,140/Stk. bh 00 | 34) 924! sot $13 Sf 17 2 6/1133 80}, 6 MayS5| 6 Nov85 6 May86) 6 Nov 86! 
po 8.% debenture stock...] £827,000) Stock. |100 | 924) 54 595 50 | 429 5 75 | 474) 5 JulyS5| 5 Jan.86| 5 July86| 0 Jan.$7| _.. 

Do Consol 5 % deb. stock £161,000} Stoc 209 | 573) 33 31/38 3314 9 O| 315! 33 [125 for S2\15 for 83)15 for 84 id for 85 12,890 
Culter Mills Paper, Lim. . 40,000, 14) 1 ae 7 | gt as 6H} 5 11 | 7 | 63, 7 Oct.85, 6*Apl.86, 8 Oct. 86| 7 Apl.87| 85,076 
“gety and Co., Limited. 200,000} 20) 5) 5 109 107 108" 108 4 3 5109 104 | 4}Jne.85) 4}Dec. 85! 43Jne. 86! 41 Dec. St; at 

11, 44% debenture stock..| £500,006] Stock uD 1 17}, 16/16 16 (10 18 % 23), 16 (30 for $320 for 84125 for 85.25 for 86, 17,756 
Dalmeny Oil, Limited ..... 2,700} 10) 174| aa | 16 | 163 20h (5 9 al 17t 16 | 7jJuly83| 74JulyS4 5p July85) 4 Jaly8€) 1,320 
Davy Brothers, Limited ... 3,000, 50 | 7 16) 6 6 6} “6+ 15 212 b 63, 5,| 5 July$5) 5 Jan.86| 5 July yS6) 5 Jan.87) 5098 

vas, Routledge, & Co, L| 20,000) 10 10 | oH ot 4S 144) y 16! AK 13 115 Aug 85 10*Feb.86 12 Aug86/.0*Feb.87| 123,402 

istillers, Limited ........... $3,768} 10 | 10 | 138|l475 Be Oa ASE | 33) 34) nil nil. |12Feb.86't/ Feb.87} L016 
Ditlin (South) City Market 20,000 7 10 oe 3} aH ; oe ip ee pes 20 Oct. 85/20" Apr 86) 20 Oct. 86 160,195 
unville and Co., Limited.. 50,000 = Pree hee Oe 43 | | 53! 44} sis uly 

EC; Powder ...”. 11,968} 5} 5| 43) 48 42) 48 43 po Teen | 

Edinburgh Station ier | te Bas. | | 62/6 8 ¢ Th 632 Oct.83. 4 Oct.84| 5 Oct. 85 = 130 

nim roperty, Lim. “B” 3,069, 10) 10 Dj fe | os 63 | 417 3 9% 85) 4yMay85, 44Nov85| 44May86; 45Nov86 “a 

Do preference 4} % “A” 2,031) 10) 10) 98) | | als 4 ol Sty QEIG InlySsil6 Julyeais July35'16 July86| 3, 
Edinburgh Cemetery ....... 14,507, 1} 1) 32) --- | - es a 613 2 1s 144 125ne, 83 12}Jne. $4|!2}Jne.85)12hJne. 961 2,246 

inburghSouthn. Cemetery 9,787 ti 1) olf "Oh Qds! 2h Deel 4 14 OF 28 1}§/12 July$3:10 wee Ju'y85\10 July $6) 5,054 

inburghWestn. Cemetery} 10,438, 1/ 1 | 2is} 28) Sze) 8, | | | 
i "eyptian Cigarette& French ad ‘sal = o4 | ' 33° of 
Govrnmt. Tobaccos, L. 43% 13,334 “3 


ll 








; 
ee ea 4 3 pees a Ry ° 
ag AE en ey ght ye te SER Ep: a3 eet 





i eee ene 


— 


THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL: (April 30, 1887, | 
MISCELLANEOUS COMPANIES—Continued. 7 


PRICES OF THE Last yrs.;PRIcESOF, ee, 
he yld.| 1887. DivipEnps. 
nvestor!-—— ——— ————--——__—___ apeeone ee 
lat Latest 3 | Last Four. Resry. & 
= \Rate % per Annum, Including Bonus.|Blnce.aft 
s * Interim. ‘Last Div, 


_ 


| 
6, 39 | 36 25for 1885 25 for1$96 Jly*& Feb!20 Feb.87| 64,070 
ve| ¥s\ 2 Mar82| 4 Mar83, 2 Mar84 nil since, \8937dbit 
2| 4 |10 for 83. 10 for $4.10 for 85.10 for 86.| 
7 Oct. 82) 24 for 83) 5 for 84 6 for 85. 819 
+ | In ooh dation. 


sem 


English rape Copa 
Engiish Crown Spelter, 
Firmin & Sons, Limited 
Flintshire Oil & Cannel, L. 
Forder and Co., L. tes 
Fore Street Warehouse, Lim. ; i 12 5 July85 5 Jan. 86 5 July86 5 Jan. 8]| 29,646 
Foster, Porter, and Co.,Lim | 143 ; a 14 a) 10 July85 84Jan.86 7July8610 Jan.87) 15 5165 
Frederick Braby & Co., "Lim. ZT vee. | ee 10 Aug85, 3*Feb.86, 7 Aug86| 3*Feb.87) 

Do7 % preference shares. ice H- aos , 7 7 Aug85| 7 Feb. 86, 7 Aug86| 7 Feb.87 }} 2678 
G. Kyncch & Co., L.Pref.Shs. 9 18 | 10 » | LOfor 1884 12for 1885) 7 for 86) 15,429 
General Hydraulic Power,L 9 6 5}! .. {I for 1885/2 for 1886}... 
Girls’Pub.Da School ae it | 5 Feb. 84 5 Feb.85 5 Feb.86) 5 Feb. 87, 6,043 
Glasgow Coal Exchange, L. 
pr w Royal Exchange... 

cea Fire-Clay,L. 
Glenroc Limited 
Goulding (W. & H. M.) Lim. 
Hammond Electric Listited & 
re eee 
Harrison ,Barber, 
Henry Street Wisckoe — 
H Wilkinson & Co.,Lim. 


10 for 86 2: 265 


wm OSH CO: Mr 


0) : | | gasuly83| 94Julys4 9pFulyss masgaired 4063 
lal 433 33! sae 74 for 84, 3} for "7 24 for 86) 778 


8 | 78 7 July85 7 Jan.86) 7 Fuly86) 7 Jan.87) 
j 

at aie | as oa | 5 May83_nil_=| since 

} 

| 


54) 43) | ThAug86) 5 Feb.87 
. | 6 Awgss, 6 Jan.86 6 Aug86| 6 Jan.87 


3 28) "93 24 5 Sep.83 5 Sep.84) 3 Sep.85 3 Sep. 86 
H. Vivien and Co., L., 


A” Pref, Shs. vss... 34 4 | : 5 | 

Hodgson’ ae eat L 5 | 4yi 5 | a 5} 4} | 
Do 5% deben. (re 100 100 |106 |109 105 |109 | hj} one = (109 1105 | “A on et ig 

Holmes Oil, Limit a 000 3? | 38) 3} ; ol Ss | Me ce | ee ae ses 8 Julys6) 


AD AGAaan womoBoan 





3 eee say | 3 Jne.85! 0 Dec.85! 


Hop Bitters, Limited . é| 8, 8 <a, 1 eae ae end 
Howell & James, Lim. .. ... of 2; 24x 9 23 24) 5 5*Oct.85 6 Apr.86 5*Oct. 66 7 7 Apl. 87) 
Hull General Cemetery (£5 bk bers 

per share capital repaid) 21 | 20 | 204 6, 21 | 20 | 13 Mar84 21 Mar85 18 Mar86 21 Mar87) 1,399 
I vd. WoodPavement,L. | 9 | $ | 3 10}, 8j, 8 Mar84 10 Mar85 10 Mar 8610 Mar87) 15,413 
J. Jenson and Co., Limited 4) 2% 24 ta 3 | 2} . | 4 Nov86... 
John Crossley & Sons, Lim. D | 1: | 9 124)) 7a 5*AugS5 9 Feb. 86 5*Augs6| 9 Feb.87) 215,422 
John Moir & Son, Limited... 14) 1} isa is | 7*July83 7 July84, 7 Feb.85, nil since 3.93 50 


J. P. Westhead & Co., Lim. ioe | 3 i 4 Aug84 0 Feb. 85, 3 any 0 Feb. 86) 412 
Lanark Oil, Limited feo hon. | sex} one) Sen Ds nk jt 
ol 
| 
| 


Langdale’s Chem. Manure, L. | 38 


oa 4 Nov83 3 Nov 84 o}Noves) 24Nov86) 4773 
Langham Hotel, Limited .. 


J 

ma |12¢Aug85 10 Feb.86 10 Aug86 10 Feb.s7 
5 | 
| 


Lawes’ Chemical Manure, L. ba 5 Sep.83 5 Sep.84; 5 Sep.85| 5 Sep.86 } 6,353 


Do 7 &% preference | 7 Sep.83, 7 Sep. 84 7 Sep. a 7 Sep. 86 
Levy’s Jute Spinning and 


Sack Works, Limited . 


} { 
13) 2 | 24 | 5*Sep.83) 7 Mar84 5*Sep. 84) nil since ‘214szdbt 


Linoleum Manufacturing, L. 3, 28x 27 | 28 | 0, 29 | 26 '25 for $325 for 8420 for 85'20 for 86) 35,27 
Lion Brewery, Limited Q 35x| 36 | 34 | | 35 | Be ; 6| 39 | 34 10*July85) i4 Feb.86 10 July86 14 Feb.87 
Do paid in full a a Ss a °| i. | oes [LO*July$514 Feb.86 10 July86\14 Feb.87 
Do new shares at 3 pm.... 12x; 124 vig! 12) 1: ; d, 13h 114, 10*July85 14 Feb.86 10 July86/14 Feb.87  }104684 
Do preference 6 6 . 6 26x} 27 | 25 | 26 ‘ 2 3) 28 | 25 | 6 July85 6 Feb.86) 6 July86| 6 Feb.87 
Do debentures, 6 7 vee | see | ons se | 6 Apl.85\ 6 Oct. 85| 6 Api.86) 6 Oct. 86 
Liverpool Adelphi Hotel, L 644) 0 7h 614! 5*July85 7 Feb.86) 5*July86) 9 Feb.87| 13,500 
Liverpool Exchange 27 | | 263! 0) 28+ 26% 7 ie 6*Oct. 85, 7 Apl. 86) 6*Oct. 86 16,351 
Liverpool Nth.Shore Mills,L 15} 154 143) 143) | 164, 143 5 Jan.85 5 Aug 85 0 Jan.86) 0 Aug86) 53,825 
Liverpool Safe Deposit 8 | 84) 73) 7% ce es ee 86 0 
Liverpool Storage, Limited a 1; 1g, 1Z 
Lond. & Man. Plate Glass, L. 13%! 146) 134) 148) 
Do 6 & preference, 1875... 47 | 46 | 47 
London Stereoscopic, &c., L. 4} « 4\4 | 
Manchester Bonding Ware | 
housing, Limited Me 1H! 1s ie 
Manchester Coml. Bldgs, L 10 84| 8 | 
Do No. 2 10| 4 six of oy of 
Do No. 3 10| 3})2¥6 fx! 28 2t) 2x4) 
Manchester Royal Exchange Stock a 180 181}, 174 \175x 
Martin, Hall, & Co., Limited 1,500; 100 | 663| 81 82 | 80> 81 
Max Gre er, Limited —pref. 10\|10| ¥% 2 3 fe 
ene) Ha ff 
cBirne i 3ix| 3 36 3 
McKenzie (Thos.) & Sons, L. | 10| 4 4 ' 0 44 44/0 Feb.85 4 Aug85| 0 Feb.86 5 Aug8) >) 
Mediterrxnean Hotel 134) . a ar ‘sae | ae | 5 July83) 5 Jan.84, 5 July84) 5 Jan.85 2051 
Milner’s Safe, Limited 10 | 144) 143] 14 | 14 | | 6 154) 14 10 Aug85. 5*Jan.8615 Aug86\ 5*Jan.87) 20 
Muntz’s Metal, Limited .., 905) i} 44) 4 | 5g) 4$/10*Sep.$4,10 Apl.85,10*Sep.85) nil since || .,, 
Do all paid 8 i | se | 10} 8$10*Sep.8410 Apl.85,10*Sep.85) nil since |) .. 49) 
M. Oldroyd & Sons, Lim. .. ave | eee me aks ieee Feb 5 Feb.85) 5 Feb.8610}Feb.s7, 3 
con} ows | | 5 l 
Me fal YoY naan sg aes ie year keh eae 0 Dec. 85, 0 Jne.S6! 
o fully pai ce ss Wie ge AE ae Be . 
National Safe Deposit, Lim. 24, 46 4 a 4ete2 68 4 Nc id 1 Kioves 1 Novs6| 
Native Guano, Limited 2h a3 | al, ' j i tiNov8s, —"" | 


| 
| 
ee ! 
Liebig’s Extract of Meat, L. 9 | 52 | = 13 9 8) 54 62 110 for 83\12} for $4 12 for 85/224 for $6, 162,815 


ao Bas! 
ae oo = 


tes 


2h) 18! 

3) 154, 134) 64Mar85. 63Sep. 85 0 Mar86 34Sep. 86 

0} 48 | 46 | 6 var 6 Jan. 86) 6 July86| 6 Jan.87 

a 4}, 4) 8 Mar86) 5 an’ mi 7 Mar87 

4, 2 | 1g 2sApL85 2Aug85) 2}Apl.86) 1gAugs6! 

9 83. 8 | 84July85\ 9 Feb. 86 ShJuly86| 9 Feb.87| 

0} 54) 53, 64July85. 74¥ eb.86'5}4July86| 6%Feb.87. 

G| Qyy| 24) 4BJuly85, 5gFeb.86) 4pJuly86) 5; Feb.87) 

9182 '174 | 74Mar84 74Mar85| 74Mar86) 74Mar87 11,1 

3 82 | 80 | 7} for 83 74 for 84 9 for 85) 9 for 56 as 
ee er , 8 Aug$2) 8 Jan. 83) 3dSep.86 00 

o Bd he at. 86\ 5 Feb.87) 42 


0} 3}) 24) 5 Se 85 4 Mar86! 5 Sep.86 5 Feb.87) 4,158 


~ on 
mm MS 
DS Ow®- 


— 
S o8aa 
aw ahkaaadsSa 


~ 

~ 
~~ od 
~—~ 


Oem RRewWAASE NAM BW 
ms 
a mwetterwS 


“ 
> tee 





F il. | nil. 

Do new shares S Pied Sc ae - - nil | nil 
Nelson Brothers, Limited... 8 84 | | - 9) 84) pe 6 Nov85, 6 Mar86\ 8 Nov86) 
Nettlefolds, Limited a4 123) 123) 12}! 9} 128) 112 5 Sei. 85, 6 Tuly85 5 Jan.86) 5 July86) 
Do 5 % preference 13} 12§| 123! 123! \ £ 9 5 Jan.86 5 July86 


Do deferred profit debs. 240, 100 {101 | 99 (100 l July85| 5 Jan.86 5 JulyS6, 
Neuchatel Asphalte, Limited gO}! 3! : | : ono ‘ * Jan. - : Tne 831 . Jne. $4, 0 for 35) 
Do 7 % preferred 611 5h} 5 | 54 5 


| 6) 
4 , it, | 5h 45] 1gJne.83) 24Jne.84) 0 Ine. 85) 0 Jne.50) 
Newestl Chemical Worke.L. 0 #3 1/ #1 per a Fy 0° Mar8s 0 Mars 0 Mar86, 0 Mar87| 
New Civil Service se -opera- | _| 86. 
tion, Limited . 58 ca Notes a 10 shines 10 Nov $5 10 May86 10 Nov. 
° ‘Including’ 10 » 4 paid ‘out of reserve. 


3,900 





ne nn 


na 


“April 30, 1887. | et THE 1 INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL. 


MISCELLANEOUS COMPANIES—Continued. 


PRICES OF THE Last yrs. PRICESOF 
CaPITAL. Monts. divs. yld.; 1887. DrvipENDs. 
| —misonennens ca Hans weeny mm itnnews 
NAME. Namber ; ness |*t Latest} Last Four. Resrv. & 
of Shares. | Done.|,. Price Rate % per Annum, including Bonus. |Binceaft 
| Share | PerCent. * Interim. LastDiv. 
| OTHER COMPANIES—(Ojon.) | | ‘£ sd | | s 
t~ Explosive, Limited .. 29,492) 38 3th 33, Oe eed 4%, 28 wk 
New Westmastr Brewry,L 25,000) 7) 7d 62 7 74 (5 14 8 July85 lz Jan.85! 8 July86) 12 Jan. 87 idm 
Do 6 % preference —a 52! bho | 5R OSE 4 IL 53| 4i| 6 cae 6 Jan. $6 6 Julys6 6 Jan.87| ... 


Nobel’s Explosives, Limited 
 Assenting 24,000: | 24 | 24 21g| 22 21 a 9 6) 264 213 20 neasinine 124May85 20 May86 
20 Jne.86 35 Dec.86 


. felt Gun and Am- 
| Nordenfe n oH 03! 24 23 on ” 
| 5 Sep.86 5 Mar87 


munition, Limited 
| Do5 % Debenture Stock 102 102 100 100x; 1008 | 5 i 
| Norton, Brothers, and Co.,L 54 | ot am 53:53 | 53) 6 Dec.3! 5 Dec.84) 4 Dec. 85) 4 Dec. 86 
Nottnghm Manufacturing, L| se | “i one 5 Feb.85| 8 Aug85| 5*Feb.86'10 Aug86 
Oldham Brewery, Limited... F 93 15 ApL85)15 July85\15 Oct. 8515 Jan.86 
Patent Nut & Bolt, Lim ord. ish 188 186 138 7, 10*Aug85/10 Feb. ate” bugle 10 Feb. 87 
| Patent Shaft & Axletree, L. 8 24Sep. 82' 0 Sep 83) Sep. 84) 5 Sep. 85 
Do 5 % preference “63, 63) oa 5 Aug84) 5 Augs5) 5 Feb.86) 5 Aug86 
| Pawson and Co., Limited .. 63 64! A | 6iJuly 85; 64Jan.86| 6}July86) 6}Jan.87 
154 1541 154} iol 6*Sep.85;14 Mar86/6* Sep.86 14 Mar87 5 
11}, 10¥) 2 pene 5 Mar86' 5 Sep.86 5 Mars7|} $999 
{ ; 
43) 43 sf 


Perry and Company, Lim.. 
| '134Suly86110 Jan 87 
4 3 33! 


Me 


Bok 


mm 

Gra > C> 

monpecanlasite 

bm hm: mm * 
mMOOM: Neti BOOS 


i 
SSasssS8M@ 


_ 


we 
ooooon 


toh Do + 


Do 5 % preference 
| Philip Morris oo ves and 

Grunebaum, Limite _ 

| | Phospho- Guano, Limited . 3 13Feb.84 0 Feb.85! ‘Sx Feb.86 ‘3@Feb.87| 1,041 
| Pilson, Joel &e., Electric . 7! a . {8d Dee. 86 ey 

| 183) ‘ 5 Oct. 85) 7} Feb.86. 5 Oct. 86) 74Feb.87 8,609 

7¥s ..  |10 Jne.85j10 Jne. 86:10 Dec.86} 1,014 

1g rf 10 May85) 110 Nov — May86\!0 Nov86| 130,457 


Price’s Patent Candle, Lim. 
| Pumpherston Oil, ‘‘A” 
so | 763! 5 July85' 5 Jan. 86 5 July86 5 Jan.87| ... 
a? 47| 5*Jne. 85) 5 Dec.85' 5*May86) 5 Des | ois 
; 25 


ee 
ms 





Src 


e's 
Io: We 


oe 
ae toe 


183 17 17 i 
5a, 5 | 
i 1 1h 


784) 80 44 


oo | 100 | ry 99 
o14) 93 | 9 | 90 | 914) 
| 29 | 28 | 28x) 
ad 104 102 \104x; 
” 1105 ol a 105 
5 


51 5 


| og) 29! 28 
| 49 5 | 44 
' 1} 3 
ane 
1 3, ds 
13 15ts, l4t§ 


6 64 8 a 


ra | oe 


COOOWwsIc 
te 


a 


me 
— 


me 
a) CeSte: GH 


|R. Goldsbrough & Co., Lim... 
| Recife Drainage, Limited, 

ies 98 | 5 Nov85, 5 May86. 5 Dec. 86 

| 6 NovS5 6 May86 6 Nov86 


5%debs red by draws 190 
Do 5% debentures 
| 99 | 254] 5*Oct.85 6}ApL86\ 5*Oct. 86 8 Ap nei | 


Do 6 % preference stock. 
Rio de Janeiro City Imp., L. 
| Dod% debentures 
Doi % do 
‘River Plate Fresh Meat, Lim. 
Robert Campbell & Sons, L.. 
Royal Aquarium & Summer 
and Winter Garden, L 
Do 6 % preference 
| Royal Niger Co. (Char. & L.) 
__ Do fully paid 
| Runcorn Soap and Alkali, L 
| Rylands and ey Limited .. 
| Sadler & Co, L., 
| Do. # B” 
|‘. Allsopp & Sons, L., Ord. 
| Do Preference 
Do 44 % Deb. Stock 
Samuel Fox & Co., Limited 
Sharp, Stewart, & Co., Lim. 
| Simson and Mason, Limited 
Smediey’s Hyd. (Matlock) L 
‘Smith, Garrett, & Co., Lim. 
Do preference 
Southport Pavilion & Winter 
Garden, Limited 
| Spratt’s Patent, Lim 
aerate 'sPatent (America), L 
;5 Spratt’ s Patent (Russia), L 
Star Paper, Limited 
Do preference 
SwanUnitedElee, Light,Lim 
|T. ‘ame and Co., Limited.. 


beet 

—_— 
ha 
ror Sm 


Richard Hornsby & Sons, L 

9/105 102" | 5 Oct.85) 5 Apl. 86 5 Oct. 86 5 Apl87| 
71 ib 5 Jne.85) 5 Dec.85) 5 Ine.86 5 Dec. 86 
i) 
a 
‘| 
i 


oe 
S 


eae sia 


: hms 
Sai Si 


=: 
a4} 5 5" Aug8s 3 Feb. eee * 


34) 04! 4*Aug83 1}Keb. 86. 6 Aug86, 2}Feb.87 
5 | 44 6 July85 
1} 3 


NX BRODY *2'n 


2: 


m% 


6 Jan.86, 6 Faly86 6 Jan.87' 
i Fem d i & 
( 149 13 vyieries 0 Aages) 382.871 me 
O15 yg) 149) 5 Auges 5 Feb.86\ 5 Angse 5 Feb.8 87) 191,295 


62 


TE a ee 


te 
Sree 


= aie Beitr 


QS % 


> eT BH CNS 


:_— 


at a i ete a he 


2 
of fb 6. eed 
i 


aSas 


_N Ne 
eat © 
orm: 
mr Ja 
ow. 


1143 io Mar85.20 Sep.85:10*MarS615 for 86| 87,572 
i 164 5 meeyees 85)10 Mar86, 5 Sep.86|... 


o} a4 $8110 Sep.86:15 Feb.8615 Sep.86 10 Feb.87| 
9, 6a | ont) 9 Sep.85| 5*Feb.86, 9 Sep.86. 3 Jans} 7727 
0, 23 | V | § duly8s) 5 Jan.86) 5 July Jan. 87 ’ 


1) 2a) 24 ois sheen 23N. ov84) aia 23Nov86; 1,561 
6 13y) 1 out 118 July36'20 gay ‘ 
| 33! 24 > | ve fee | 


~1 
Gisted 


Be 
91147 | 


Les Ls 143 143° vt 
i} 


17 | ' 165! 164 
| l | 
9b 

63 

22 | 

| } 


BoBuannnanaa BSS-SSSSSSBENSSun SaSSKSSSS 


areata reat cE RS ean eitaas 


_ 
— te oT 
© So 


1 OD me 1 Go 


Coe a oe Oe OR 


| 
| 


we G&S 


to 


2} 
> 118 
33 
9 | 


NN A meme amen 


oN 


— 


wm D> bo Go = tO 
TED OR 


3 ld. 
bts) 6%'10 Apl.85,12 Oct. 
4 sg 10 Oct. 
a 


851 

$51) 

jo. | 6 Aug85\ 5 Feb. $6 
en “| 6 Aug85 5 Feb.86 
ees 6 AugS85| 6 Feb.36) 
i|” 4! 7*Feb.81/13 Aug81) 7 
0) 274) ao 10 for 8310 for 84 
12 9 o-— 9 ~~ 78, 


0 
9 


NL 


68 


a inal. SI 


12 Oct.861) » 
12 Oct. 86 } 2,217 
..  15,834Dr. 
6 Feb.$7 
6 Feb.8y } 15,131 
g86, 6 Feb.r7)" 16,139 
82! nil since 


b. 
for 8515 for 86 
ApL79) nil since 


D1. 86 
pl. 86) 
ug 6 
ug 86) 
ug 86, 


S morcococrcrercren San-8S 


A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
*Fe 


eae ae 


Thomas Adams & Co.,L., Prf. 
Tramways& GenralW ks, L. 

| Trusweli’s Brewery, Lim... 

Union Plate Glass, Limited 
| United Asbestos, Lim., "a 

Do “B” deferred 
United Horseshoe & Nail, L. 
Do 8 % preference 
United Limmer & Vorwohle 
y Rock Asphalte 

al de Travers Asphalte 
vm Paving, Limited 
lctoria Pier & Promenade 

w Hotel, Limited 
| alker and Smith, “B.” L. 
alkinshaw Oil, Lim. , ord. 
W 0 preference 

relay, &Co. (Lim.) 5% debs 

Sford and Sons, Limited 

.B. Fordham & Sons, Lim. 
W b(J. H. )and Co., Lim.. 

stfield Oil, Limited 
Vest Lothian Oil 
W 'stminster Palace Hotel,L 

Young —— = Co., . 17, 100) a | 7% 

8 Paraffin Li ht and ae ae | 
wee Oil, Limited... 71,250 a : aniaat = 


— 
ake 


os 
m= oO 
>? eM fi: 
to ko 
Q 
Ro 


12 
10 
5 
5 
6 
10 
9 


er paeek | 

| ens % > | oo pes | t Septs6 
| 1k i | ; 4 1 1 Mars 1 Mar85 1 Mar86) 1 Mar87 
| 13} 134s) | | 14 | 123) 5*Sep.85i11 Apl.  5rSepesg{2 Aphsi| 
5, OP 29,| 417 , 28: 24) 24Feb.84 0 Feh.85 4 Feb.86| o4Feb.87/ 


St Fi} 13 #} 5 Aug83) 5 Feb.84) 5 Aug85, nil since 
| ¥ on eee i | 5 July83 0 Jan.84) 5 July85, nil since 


: Dia PETE GIA I 
ies i a eee 
ee SS eee ee oe 
SANT TS 
™ er ae 


pat ms Cr cr 
ieee 
ae" 

7 & 


' 
} 
opie 
| 
{ 
; 


— 


_ 
o 
~ 
Eo oclUWOll OU Oro 


me 
we 


~ 
oOo 
ae 
aoe 


me 
a aK 
okie A ae oe lle, 
ee he 


sieaciagnllen 


3 
Baie 


16 


e | oF} coop 0% eee Bi see | 6 Jan 85, nil sinee 
117 18x) 117 9119 '116 | 5 Sep.85| 5 Mar86| 5 Sep.86) 5 Mar87, 
1 1g) 1. (Hf w. |16 Jan.87] 
li itl 9 14% «21 ...  |l0for1886; 
oe | Gh , 8: 3} tg 615 Sep.85. 5 Mars 5 oop 58 5 Mar87 
ay or See” ae | 4 | | | hs Feb. 
gab nes )* is Ee 5 AngS4 + Augss ShAug 


— 
Cocoon 
oe bo 


ro 
Re ee eo 
e 





~ 
Or 6 ko 





toe 
: tent : 
: Qaee CO- 


ld 
> oe 
— | 


i 
ac%0O 


7 


o moooonre 
a 
: - 


_ 
es 





Alamillos, Limited 
Almada and Tirito, Lim .. 
Anglo- African Diamond 
Mining, Limited 
Arizona rs Limited.. 
Asia Minor Mining, Lim.. 


Bedford United 
Bonnie Dundee 


Cape Copper, Limited ... 
Carn Brea(Copper & Tin).. 
Chontales, Limited 
peer ores & Smit. 
Limited... 
Cetorado United, Limited 
Cook’s Kitchen 
Illogan 
Copiapo, Limited 
Cumberland 


De Beers Diamond 

DevalaMoyarGold Mining 
Limited 

Devon Great Consols, L..: 

Dolcoath Copper and Tin 
(Camborne) 

Don PedroGold Mining L 


we eg 

ast Pool (Tin & Copper)) 
El Callao — 
Kberhardt & Monitor, L. 


Fortuna,Lm.,Lead (S ) 
Frontino & Bolivia id 


General Mining Assoc., 
Limited 

Gold Fields of Mysore .. 

Great Laxey, Lim., Lead... 

Green Hurth, Limited . 

Grogwinion, Limited 

Gunnislake (Clitters) ... 


Indian Consol. Gold, Lim.! 
IndianGoldMines, Limited 


Killaloe Slate Co., Lim... 
Kimberley North Block 
Diamond Mining, L. 


La Trinidad 

Leadhills 

LinaresLead Mining, Lim. 
Lisbon Berlyn (N ow) 


Marke Vallcy .... 

Mason & Barry, Limited.. 
Minera Mining, Limited 
(Lead) Wrexham.. 
Mining Co. of Irelnd,| 

Limited 
Montana 
Mysore Gold Mining, L...! 


New Chili Gold (L) 
New Emma Silver, Lim. 
New Hoover Hill Gld Mg. 
Limited 
N.w PotosiCo,Lim.(ordy.) 
Vo 10 % Preference..... 
Nine Reefs 


Nundydroog 
Ooregum Gold Mining o 
ndia (L.), Deferred 
De 1C % Min. Pref. 


Panulcillo Co 
_ Limited, ord. 


_THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL. | 


___ [April 30, 1897. 


BRITISH, COLONIAL, AND FOREIGN MINES. 


Last yrs. or of 


CaPpirTaL. 


Number ;Amt 
of of 
Shares. |Shre 


64, 
160,000 
120,000 


10 
. 


20,000 8 
6,000)... angina} 
106,000 


19/ 


10,000 
65,000 


PRICES OF THE 


2 ue 


ee r= 


) 
we 


oo 


OO 
eH eco om ope 


oe 


Last 
Busi- 


divs. yld 
Investor |_—-——_ 


ies at Latest; % 


n 
Price. | £ 
Done PerCent. <y 


417 


nil, 


| 
ey 
Es 
Ete 


| 14 iL April, ’72.| FY July, 1872. [15] Oct., 


iif! 


sissy pene 1885. 35) Jan.,1886. (35) Mar.,1886. 


3} 3 ly July, 1867. iy — 1872.' 
57 | 49 |18/ Nov.,1884 pee, 1885. 20/ APL. 1885. | 
| 30 eee . 


aE 


he ine . as 


Last Four Dtvipenps, 


CEE Rhee 


,1886. ‘2/3Mar. , 1887, 


'1/6Sep., 1885. by Mar.,1886. Sep. 
1/ Mar, 1875. he May, ‘1876, 


1) Now. 1872. V May, 1873.) 


ezpaciens 

ae: 

1/ May, 1884.'2/ Nov. 1884, 
. | 


A alae 1886.|5/ Sep., 1886. |6/3Dec., 1886. 7/6Mar.,1887, | 
oe 5/ April 1881. {0/Ang- 1881, 10/Nov.,188), 


| | 


ompany 
1/ May,1883 | ay May, 1886, 


"72. 7/6 Jan., 873. 
1/6 Dec.,1886.)1/ Mar.,1887. 


1g, New C| 
anil 3/ Jan., 1875. 


zai) June, 1886. h/ rm 1886. 
Yo) ere 

18 

93 


| Ble Feb., 1880. '10/May, 1880. 8/ Sep., 1880. or Dec., 1880. 


{ 


'45/Mar., 887 | 


2/ Oct., 1872, | 
'25/Oct., 1885, | 





] 4Mar., 1887, 
20%Dee. 11886" 20 Mar.,1887 | 


| 
pee 
ae | 


rg oe 


33 8 Apel een Apl, 1884. 
7115) Oct., 1885.'5/ Apl., 1886.'5/ Oct., 1886. 5) 


5, 6 Sep.,1886,5/ Mar., 1887. | 


| 


1 

| | 
'g/ ae, 85. 5! / April, 1886 | 
{ 


April, Si. | 


5 /5/ July, 1884.|5/ Dec., 1884. / Oct., 1885. 5/ Dec., 1885. | 


| oe '2/ Oct., “seen lerter 1892. | 
{ } 
| eer eee | eer | - 
tka Mar.,1885. 

23| 

1) 

26) '4/ June, 1883 | 
5¥'3/6Sep., 1885. 5/9Mar. 1886. 


| | 
‘6d Sep., 1885.|6d April,1886 6d Sep, 1886. | 


| | _ 
BS Dec. = Sr July83. | 


3, 60ct. (1883. | e Oct., 1884.'3/6 Sept., 85, | 
6/9 msi .» 1886, 7/ Mar.,1887. | 


1872.'2/ Jan., 1874: | 


iy Jan., 1872.'2/6Apl.,1872./2/6 Jly, Ot 186. | 


74/8) May, 1885.| 4/ Oct., 1885. '3/6 May, 1886. 3/ 
3 |1/ Aug., 1882. wae: 1883./1/6Aug., 1883, 2) Feb. 1884 | 
il/ July, 1886. 1 Jan., 1887. | 


2/ Des 1886. 3/ Apl., 1887. | 
ee 1886. '2/- Dec. 1886. | 


1 |1/ July, 1885. y/ Jan., 1886. 
zee ‘eduly, 1886.'2/ Oct. 1886. '2/ 
| 


'5/April,1885. 9d Dec.,1885. 





4 

4 
, 
t8 
1k 

2 |3/ Aug., 1883 


| 
| 
| 
| 
| 


ove oor ‘1884 
3/ Nov., ike Feb., 3684| 9/ May 














(eerie nasties 
————$ 


a EE Tea TCS a — ew 


A pril | 30, 1887. ] _ THE INVE STOR’S MONTHLY MANUAL. 


BRITISH, COLONIAL, AND FOREIGN MINES—Continued. 


PRICES OF THE \Last yrs. PRICESOF, 
Carrrat. | dive yld.| 1887. | 
|—_  S ;_ | investor ————— 
MINES. | Number |Amt} ness @tLatest| Last Four Divipeyps. 


of Shres| | 78 E | @ | Done. | 
|Shr. | PerCent. 


_omwo-nnmnsiigaiilaeadineiididuaiiean 
Pestarena United Gold, | r | | , : 
Limite 67,809) 3 | ono, | 00g Loe | oe) wae hye + Laelia Bah ) | +» 1867) 
Pontgibaud Siver Lead | - 6 Mar., 1867 1/ Nov ’ 1867 
Mining and Smeltin 14,000) i, rage) 
Port Phillip and Colonia bad by | 4 paarans 80; 7/3 Sears tiene rey 
_ Gold , | oe) BB] i. | 3) gy l/ Oct., 1878 1/ Mar., 1879|1/9 Mar.,1880|10d Feb.,1881 
Prince of Wales : Fy ios | + | + a 
Quebrada Rail., Land, and | 


Copper, Limited iW : a 1) - | on ‘ite sa 
Do 6 % debentures i 4 554) ; 53 6% Mar.,18856% Sep., ene ee, Moe Sep , 1886 


Richmond Consolidated 
_ Mining, Limited 4x 5/ Dec., 1884,5/ Dec., 1885'5/ May, 1886 5/ Dec., 1886 
Rio Tinto 5 % mortgage) Pex | 
bonds, 1880 [£)2,329,320) ... | 100%/1024'103 100 100 995 5% July, 1886.5 % Oct., 1886, 5 Jan., 1887|5 April, 1887 
Do 5% 2nd Mort......[£1,185,180/100 | 100 954) 965 95 95 954 | | 974 924.5% July, 18865 % Oct., 1886 5 Jan., 18875 April, 1887 
Do shares, Limited......| 325,000) 10 10} 11 | 11; 10 | 103! 9%, 6/ May, 1885) 6/ Nov. 1885, 5/ May, 1886) 4/ Nov., 1886 
Roman Gravels (Lead)... 12,000) ... 73| 23 3, 2% 2% 2 .. | 8 2 5/ May,1883/2/6 Oct., 1884/2/6 July, 1885/2/6 Oct., 18865 
Ross(N.Z.)UnitedGold,L; 103,500, 1) 1}|...| § @ @ .. | o | @ 2 sateen a Sigh toe se 
Ruby & DunderbergConsol| a4 rd we | | 
Limited, 1885 101,182, 1 17) a # ol a vee 


Santa Barbara ........... 60,000) 1 | Wg 1h 6b hora | Wy oun 
Standard Diamond | 34,360) 10 ¥) 13%) JAZ); ... | 15g) 133 is on ose aks 
StJohn Del Rey, Limited £253,000) Stk | s , 424) il, | 624) 274'124% July,’80 124 % Dec.,’80,5 % Dec., 1881'5% June, 1882 - 
Scottish Australian, Lim. 120,000! 1 | 34, 23! 3} } 22 208p.a.May85,20¢p.a Nov’85 20$paMy1886 1248 pa Nv’86 
_Do new shares | $0,000! 1 | | 13) Oe | 13) 14 20%May 1885 20 % Nov.,’85 20$pa May’86 1243 pa Nv’86 
}| SierraButtes Gold, Lim...) 122,500) 2 | 32} | 4a _ 146d April,1885,6d Oct., 1885)1/ April,1886/1/6 Oct., 1886 
| 
2 


Do Plumas Eureka, | | | 
1872 | 140,625; 2 | Be Deal | 4)1/6April,1885,1/6 Oct., 1885/1/ April,1886.6d Oct., 1886 
6,123) ... | | 74) 7 | 74) 7¥ [43 15 6) 73\ 64)3! Jan., 1886/4/ April, 1886 6/8 Aug. 1886|10/ Jan., 1887 
4,500) ... }) ¢ | ni, | 94 /10/ Aug.,1879,15/ Jan., 1880/12/April,1880/10/ July, 1880 
} i | } 








. i j i | | 
Tincroft (Illogan) 6,000) ... }| iy ; 93 5/ May, 1877'5/ April, 1881 5/ Aug., 1881)5/ Dec., 1881 
Tharsis S eer & Copper, Dr pr tam ced | Loe | 
Limite | 587,330| 2 | | 33] 33} 3h 33) 8 6 3} 382733 May,’83.2743 May, ’S4 203 May,1885|10§ May,1886 
Tocopilla Copper, Lim. ...| 130,000) A il, #| vs = a oat ‘eis : 
Tolima, Lim.“ A shares”) 20,000! | Qa 3) 28) 2 5/10 Sept. ’84\5/ Nov., 1884 5/ Jan., 1885/5/ Jan., 1886 
Do B shares | 6,000) 5 | RULER ice’ ese 8 vasa a | a. | a. 4/5 duly, 1884/5/10 Sep, 1834 5; Nov., 1884/5; Jan., 1885 
United Mexican, Limited! 125,190) 10 | 33! 3 | 2312/6 Aug., 1885.26 Jne., 1886 2/6 May, 1886/2/6Nov., 1886 





Van, Limited (Lanidloes}| 39,000 10/, 10/| 4g] @ # # #@| ni | —_—, eer eS 
Viele sive ebndde webiegstteesy| -AOCNON 2 2} Eines) 1h) es oe - | 
Wentworth Gold Mng,,L.| 80,000 1 3 | | | F: rst dividend, 2} % Dec., 18/34. 
West Basset (Illogan) .../ 6,000) ... | | 
oe har | 6,000) ... 
est Wheal Seton (Cam-) 
| rne) a 2,400) ... | 19}, 4) 9; § aia a | | 9 (22 June, 1872 2/ Aug, 1872'1/ Oct., 1872'15/ ApL, 1878 
| Wheal Basset (Illogan)... 6,144)“: j9d14/10| 103) 104) 10 | s+ | 103) 8 [141 Aug.,1875)14/ Aug., 1876 12/Aug., 1884/2/6 Aug.,1885 
Wheal Agar (Illogan) | = 6,000| ... | 19/6| 37 | 37 | 353, 36; 36 | | | 354 2/6 Dec., 1884 2/6 Mar. ,1885 5/ June, 1985/7/6 Aug. ,188 


Wheal Crebor (Copper),| | 
Tavistock | 12000)... ) 2/4/| fe 8 4 we - 1% 9 33| 22/6 July, 1883 2/6 Nov.,1883)1/ July, 1885|1/March,1886 
2D) “as | 188l 18h] 174) 183 j| 174 10/June, 1886 10/Sep., 1886 10/ Dec., 1886 10/ Mar., 1887 


|Wheal Kitty (Tin) St} | | | | Pin tae | | | | 
Agnes | Mp 2] a cont! 2 10/ Feb., 1880.5/ Ine., 1880 2/6 Sept.,1880/1/6 Jan., 1881 


; 
| 34 o Oars Se toe | 23'5/ Oct., 1881 6/8 Jan., 1882'6/8 Apl., 1882'12/ Aug., 1884 
; 8 } saat | 8 9/ Mar., 1885 10/ July, 1885 10/ Nov.,1885/10/ Mar., 1886 
j } } , | i 
| 


{ 


| 
FN  eentenaannasomintenaaaeatagseaasmaiaan mente 





ae pemmateamemsinanees 





TELEGRAPHIC COMPANIES’ TRAFFIC RETURNS. 
Anglo-American.—None since July, 1881. 
Direct United States (L).—None since August, 1885. 
Cuba Submarine. — The receipts in the month of March 


ap Ba hs 8) Sac osas Ceer 
Gn) ot than 


pee ee ae ee ee 


TRAMWAY AND OMNIBUS COMPANIES’ TRAFFIC RETURNS. 


[cereeneeeeeenee 


| Date of | ‘| Current Traffic. 


pe ELS 
A 


Name. = '|To Date, To Date,Inc. (+) | amounted to 3,650/, as compared with 3,345/ in 1886, being en 


erg 1887. 1886. Dec. (—) | increase of 310/. The er ior the three months to date amount 
OO | to 98501, against 9,007. 
eT wee a : ame , 
| _-Direct Spanish.—The receipts in the month of March amounted 
| — - a Tramways ...-..0.-.-00+- Mar. | 94 | ,8.356 Ve 100 | tol ‘8500, ce compared with 1 602 in 1886, being an increase of 902, 
itkenhead Tramweye, ae eae poe a a] Bacsinn \t 168 The receipts for the three months to date amount to 5,354/, against 
} Bordeaux Tramway and Omnibus! 15 32; | 30,386 in 1,032 | 5,048/. 
| Bristol Tramwa 15, 11 | 8,703 |+ 424 | astern. —The receipts in the month of March amounted to 
| pblin United Tramways 15, 32 | 28, ) 27,561 (+ 1,319 | 49,7971, as compared with 53,016/ in 1886, being a decrease of 3,219V. 
G,inburgh Strect Tramways 16; 183, 21,595 | 21,216 + 379 | The receipts for the three months to date amount to 150,132/, 
ae renee and Osnnibus| 7" 28 56,663 55,142 \* 1,521 against 159,147. 
erial Tramways Hons Sm Renee. CE ks ‘ 3 z 

Le ray j | 7 7 Eastern Extension. —The receipts in the month of March 
ives oe 7 7 ie ace it oe | amounted to 38,177/, as compared with 37,804/ in 1886, being an 
London General Oinnibus ‘ 20, ... | 162,195 | 156,711 '+ 5,484 | increase of 373/. The receipts for the three months to date amount 

ndon Street Tramways ....... il 16) 93} 25,369 | 21,544 |+ 3,825 | to 113.C61/, against 111,191 

N ai Tramways 16, 198) 68,730 65,687 (+ 3,043 | Great Northern.—The receipts for the ‘nonth of March amounted [F 
Nott Metropolitan Tramways... ~ Toil or oa i+ — | to 2.160/, making a total for the three months of 61,200/, against 
D ingham Tramways i } 6 5, 1+ < : 

'rovincial Tramways. 161 214| 13,931 | 12.971 |+ 960 | S680 im ISS 

southampton Tramways 16) 54, 2,756 2,538 |+ 218 | Western and Brazilian.— The receipts from October 1 to 

ramways Union Feb. | 254! 10,501 | 9432 |+ 1,069 | February 25 amounted to 24,295, as compared. with 19,7351 in the 


Vale of Clyde Tramways ‘April 15' 6 | 4,001! 3,989{+ 12 ' same period of 1885-6, being an increase of 4,560/. 


i 


ee 





ee 
THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL. 


ROMS RAILWAY TRAFFIC RETURNS. 


Capital Expenditure, 


Report. | Months.| Powers. Expend. 


ee 


£ 

4,620,693) 

6, 235, 254 
41,377, 303) 
35,960,41 l 
74,472,857 
42,001,061 
96,653,787 
30, 162, 33)) | 
23, 618, 776) 
27 043, 356 

2'445 218! 
26,827,667 


3, 379, 939 


39,930,770 
13,203,584 
5,305,674 


35,119,642 


2,106,564 
2,415,310 
7,293,336 
8,253,297 
4,819,001 
2,163,620 


Miles Open. 


1887.) 1886. 


125 
75 | 

461 

1515 


In Past 


125 |Bengal Central ............ 
303 


1515 |East Indian 


Gro: 
Estd. frthr. Expd. Traffic 


Avilable E Est. ile 2nd Half 


Six 1886. 


e 16 £ £ 
5,200) 328,064 14,206 100,170 
3,613, 254,812 878%) 226,205 

271,511/1,187,263 1,187,263 1,989,794 

204/860) 468,639 1,490,844|2,044,670 

260,434)5,570,473 1 "789,332)4,041.461 

712,865, 1,657,492 2,050,149) 1,991,222 

321,685 3,077,480 2,684,37815,423,306 

412,265\3,094,590 1,917,000 1,587,205 

120,020} 983,084 396°83111°186161 

304,028] 555,647| 654,650| 713,916 

150,449) 383,657, 295,000} 106,171 

120,087|5,894,191' 815,000} 1,036,892 

17,314. 51,343 

55,299|2,837,639 686,000} 331,682 


72,597/3,117,189 
15,150} 241,682 
80,432}  7,000| 323,966 
32,225} 315,273) 10,000} 82,071 
67,894/4,687, 140, 2,959,808) 1,194,909 
62,991} 509,009 96,600} 372,312 


203,033) |, 511 969), 018,558) 1,420,091 
| 247,785) 549,102 
33,635 104, "665, 


89,633) 165,962 
224,85 si oo 


358,564) 


811,743'1,334,069 


ee 


240, 992; 
96, 922 
168, 031! 
72,351, 
129,424) 
64,299) 


500 
136,26) 


92,634 
124,357 
346,933 
388,016 
223,974 

77,160 


INDIAN RAILWAYS. 


| Date | 
of 

Name. Re- 
turn. 


Ce 


\Mar 19) 
Bengal and N. -Western.. 
Bom., Bar., & Cent. India 


iTo Date,/To Date,| Inc. (+) | 
| 1887. 


'Apl 9 41,442 
16. 363,013) 


a a ee 


: 
Miles m in Date of! 
ee NAME. 


1887. ‘Return 


1886. 


182 | 182 (Cambrian ‘April 17) 
139 | 139 |Furness 17) 
1,0423) 1,0427/Great Eastern 17 
961 } 953 |Great Northern 
2,426 | 2,385 |Great Western 
4963 4964}Lancashire and Yorkshire 
1,8314, 1,8174)London and North-Western 
8514| 835 4|/London and South-Western 
459 | 459 |London, Brighton, and South Coast 
180 | 175}|London, Chatham, and Dover 
61 57 |London, Tilbury, and Southend 
287%| 2874|Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire 
413} 413/Maryport and Carlisle 
213} 214|Metropolitan 
13 13 |Metropolitan District 
1,2844) 1,2814/Midland 
1 a7 1 a North-Eastern 
North London 
North Staffordshire 
Rhymney 
South-Eastern 
Taff Vale 


7724|Caledonian 
346 |Glasgow and South-Western .............s:seeceseeuees 
302]|Great North of Scotland 
4254; 4254/Highland (4-years. Feb. 28 and Aug. 31) 
1,0034) 1,003) North British 


68 68 
136 | 136 
136 | 136 
487 | 474 
§22| 511 
377 | 370 
272 | 272 


17) 
17, 
16, 





Belfast and County Down 
Belfast and Northern Counties 
Dublin, Wicklow, and Wexford 
Great Northern of Ireland 


Midland Great Western ..5.............cecesecsssesseees 


Waterford and Limerick 15, 


| 


Miles Open. 


— 


Date 
of 

Re- 

oe. urn. | 


Current Traffic. 


1887. 1886. Name. 
Dec. (—) 


| 


1886. 


£ 
10,026) + 
37,443) + 
383,375) — 


} 


383 | 763 763? Bahia and San Francisco Mar 5 
3,999 | 190 190 B. Ayres and Rosario . ..|Apl. 10 
35 35 B. Ayres and Ensenada! 17; 
825 689 B. he Great Southern) 17 


£ 
10,409) 


‘(Apr il 30, 1887. 


Current Traffic, 


To Date 
in 
1887. 

£ | 
42,016 
122,560 
923,348 


744,756 


3! 544,725) 
299,410) 


42,811 


| 470,723 


30,571 


| 188,843 


120, 094 


"126,209 
194,428 


50,678; 
, 488,220 
} 256,377 | 


568,800 


| 223.414 


63,949 
41,607 


| 468,206 


20,463) 
49,01] 
| 58,551, 
| 168,548 
| 184,743 


115,150, 
48, 845) 


SOUT H AM ERICAN RAILW: AYS 


‘spond n2 


Corre- 


in 1886, | 


ne, (+ 
Dec. Cy 


ee 


£ 
40,170) + 
120,908} + 
913,295 \+ 


17/1 078, 7741 080.931. - 

17 2,100,680 2,041 660) \+ 
171,107,197 1,043,605 + 
17 i 2,182, 636 2,644,045) + 


726,358) + 
510,50: 3) + 
283,090|+ 
34,290) + 
458,027 | + 
29,896) + 
187,828 + 
120,948 - 


17 2,126,019'2,107,630 + 
161,563,634 1,521,089 + 


125,163 + 
187,884 + 
47,515 + 
477,805) + 
221,661 + 
574,749, - 
218, Oll + 
60,123 + 
42,414 - 
465,284 + 


19,288 + 
45,049 + 
55,165 + 
158,726. + 
177,216 + 
112,800 + 
46,207 + 


£ 


1,846 | 
1,652 | 
10,053 | 


2,157 
59,020 
63,592 


88,591 | 


18,398 
34,229 
16,320 
8,521 
12,696 
675 
1,015 
S54 
18,389 
42.545 
1,046 
6,544 
3,163 
10,415 
28,716 


5,949 
5,403 
3,825 

807 


Qo 
2,92 


1,175 
3,962 
3,386 
9,822 
7,827 
2.350 
2,638 


Current Traffic. 


1887. 


£ 
10,195 
83,904. 
44,617 
$20,168, 


1886. 


—— 


‘To Date,’/To Date,| Inc. (+) | 
Dee. (-) | 


i 


eo 


£ 
10,961 - 
56,902! + 
43,460 + 
744,923 + 


oa } 


| 


27,002 | 
1,157 | 


75,245 | 


20, 362 | 
38, 5597 | 
45,477 


16 1,353,376 1,314,779) + 


1,601 | 
16 1,237,382}1,191.905| + 


2464 2464 Central Argentine......... ‘Mar. 6 16,560 


190 | 172 Ct. Uruguay of Monte...| 12, 
99 99 East Argentine 6 
293 | 293 Mexican (Main Line) .. Apl.16 


219,500 176,100 + 
774 _774 Recife and San Francisco Feb. 5) 18,239 18,183 + 


UNITED STATES RAILROADS | S (at $ $5 = £1). 
Miles Open. 


1886. 1885. 


81,735 
137,373 
6,766 


80,134 + 
120,813 + 
10,137 - 


1504 
831 
689 . 
655 


1504 [Great Indian Peninsula... 
861 |Madras eg 139, 214 '139,732\ - 518 
608 |Oude and Rohilkund ...,.| Feb. 5) 68. 1222) 60,406 + 7,816 
655 |South Indian ............... ....Mar. 5, 86,556) 72,003| + 14,553 


CANADIAN, &c., RAILWAYS. 


accent 


Current Traffic. Date Current Traffic. 
of 


Re- 


Miles Open. Date 
_ of sctsieeinnst emia e scasthapisctne 
Re- |To Date,/To Date,| Inc. (+) To Date, To Date, 
turn. | 1887. || 1886 | Dec. (— 1887. | 1886. 


£ ee ee 

‘Apl.14| 439,000; 394,400) + 44,600 | ‘ Atchison, Topeka, &c.... Mar $1 ; 854, 376! _— it: 208,554 

16 1,040,698 947,172|+ 93,526 Chicago and Alton. ee 

16, 213,203 179, 858) + 33,345 Chic., Burl, and Quincy, . 

16, 70,409} 70,291|+ 118 Chic., Mil, and 8. Paul. | Mar.26 1,045,600! 

8 60,329 56,987|+ 3,342 Chic. & North-Western.../Feb, | 671,470 
| Cincinnati, Washington| 

and Baltimore ......... ‘Mar.31) 

” 26) 


4211 3527 Canadian Pacific 
2924429184 Grand Trunk 
335 | 335 | Do Chic. & Grand Trnk 
189 | 189 | Do Det., Gd. Hav, & Mil 
382 | 382 N. & N.W. of Canada ... 
| 95,444 + 10,316 


105,820) 
265,966, + 


336, 867) 
500,149 


Denver and Rio Grande..| 
Tllinois Centr] (Illinois) } 
Do (Iowa)... + 
Do Southern Div. J 
Louisville & Nashville... 
N.Y., L. Erie, & Western’ 
N. York., Penn., & Ohio..| 
Northern Central* 
Norfolk and Western .. 
Northern Pacific 5} 409,069, 330, a 5 61 
Ohio & Mississippi 26 196,134, 14 ” ae ting 
Pennsylvania (FE. lines)... See ainother (Om. = 606 


CONTINENTAL RAILWAYS. : 
ie 31) 518, m3 + 4 


| 


Date 
of 
Re- 
turn. 


Current Traffic, 
742,398 
Revenue statemen ts give 
else. where. | -_ 
1,003,937! 831, 084 + 172, cs 
175,067. 137,523 + 37,54 


”” 


To Date,/To Date,| Inc. (+) 
1887. 1886. | Dee. (-) 
£ £ 
098,700 91,874+ 6,835 
11,156,019 1,067,920' + 88,090! 616 
1\1,497,760 1,460,320 + 37,440 | 
Apl.16| 52,500) 43,060|+ 9,440| 287 
dit... 8 3,152,369/3,044,497) + 107,872) 932 
..ApL10) 31 192) 34,208 - 3,016 
930 St Louis & San Francisco) | Mar.26| 


8} 879,107} $90,212|- 11,105 
8, 845,467, 824,570, + 20,897 | 4258 3792 |Union Pacific" Feb. 
251 ings. 


| ‘Mar 
1083 108? Dutch- Rhenish Apl.15) 


Eastern of Frauce | 


Philadelphia and Erie* Feb. { 517,552 451, 856 + 65,6 
Phila. & ing (Includ- 
ing Coal & Iron Co.) .. 


See iT ili c ‘lame. 
266,252! 189, 324 + 76,9 
682, 653} 596, ot j \* 95, a 


928 


4'1,119,5161,101,817,+ 17,699 
../ApL17| " 26,944) ” 26,693) + 


3.311 | 
43,400 | 
56 | 


640,990 + 101.413 | 


Inc. (+) | 
Dee. (-) | 


| 
—_——_ | 


903,537 + 137,063 
601, 21 + 70,149 | 


70,901 | 


240 | 


| 


| 
















a 


April 30, 1887.]| THE INVESTOR’S MONTHLY. MANUAL 187 






























































































































‘ 
BRITISH CAPITAL CREATED AND CALLED UP DURING 1887. 
(Vendors’ Shares Deducted.) 
“Tt es ue a ee | Capital 
(+) | Number of | Amount of New Capital Already | Present Called up 
(-) | Date of | | Share | Createdin Call per | (premiums 
Description of Stock or Share, Shares * Paid. ‘ included) 
= _ Call | or Bonds, | or Bond. 1887. | Share. during ’87. 
1346 onl Ta Pee Ee come oe £ 
1,652 . ere ot £ £ £ a ce 
0,053 | . . itain in 1886 aa 93,946,479 “an eee rare 
a3 | | Total capital created & called in Great Britain in ons 7,927,785 ae ee | 17,134, 
9.020 | Subscribed partly abroad............ssscssessseersneeenees | | —_—_— 
3,592 | j | ‘ 101,874,264 } eee ' eee 87,47 é ’ 
8,591 | SITTIN ies ccisemsanunarneaneadacadacleaniaates aides Pee 
ret _ 1887. | | | | 30578000' .. | ... | 24,198,000 
6,320 Amounts previously given ..... tteeeees settteneeeeeeeeeee: eee : 
8.521 | New ne wee New CaPITAL. | | 
2,6 PRIL. . . | 1,330,000 eee. ot eg aaa 
i | Atlantic and North-West Railway, 5 % Bonds ...... _ ——_ — 400,000 ose i 80,000 
1,015 i| British Steamship Investment Trast, Limited ...... | _ 10,000 | 5 50,000 | ei 30,000 
854 i Carl Rosa Opera, Limited cen peescoren ce sens sessseaetetens aan A | ; 
8,389 | Chicago, St Paul, and Kansas City Railway, 5 % $4,450,000 | ies | 872,200 5% | 44,500 
2,545 | oc oroapy alee A Ee ssnenseouedensseeheuresees —— Paes > | 74,440 Pint Mere ae 776 
1,046 City of London and Southwark Subway ........... ... ma uknee | ; 33,180 | Po 8, 
6,544 |  Cornubian Manufacturing, Limited ......-2+...seeeeeees oun siaeee | ; 110,000 ne ’ | 41,250 
3,163 | Crown Point Gold Mine, Limited..... pak ae segs) ‘a 280.000 | ie 243,75 cy 5% | i 
0,415 || Dalgety and Co., Limited, 4 % Deb. Stock, at 974 % ee S000 | 5 25,000 ae ey 2. — 
8,716 | «6-H. C. Major, Limited ................2...... soi inlet 4 2200000 | Bonds. | 196,000 | 23% | soe 
| Hong — Government 4 % Loan, at 98 ............ eee 92.000 1 i 92,000 ; | = 
5,949 | lex Gold Mining, Limited..................:::cseeeeeee eee 25 484 | i 25,434 *s peri 
5,403 Johannis Company, Limited ...........cceesseeeee “ 50,000 ) | 10 509,000 | a ; 62.500 
3,826 | *Johore Company, Limited  ..............cseceseseeseeees pst guunees| | Benda. | 250,000 5% | 62, 
807 | Do 6 % Debentures ecccecece Leaseee Steseeeseeeeeersersenaees eee 25,000 | 5 125,000 ee 4 2,500 
2,922 | Mercantile Bank of Australia, Limited ...............; ooo , 24 a 
Minneapolis, Sault, Ste. Marie, &c., Railway, 5 % $5,000,000 | Bonds 950,000 i 20 % seneee 
1,175 Bonds, at 95% ........cecsseeesssoesseserssatersenseenss Sa aoe |. Sener, | 75,000 | | 25% | 18,750 
3,962 National Agricultural Hall, 6 % “B” Debs. ......... “ee 18,000 5 90,000 1t 13,000 
3,386 | Provincial Alhambra, Limited ...... ceeeenennenserees eee) oe 272000 | Bonds. 72,000 2 % | aoe 
9,822 | Do 6 ¥ Debentures ret eeeeeneeererenacereensaseeesereseees eee ='500 10 | 75,000 a 5 37500 
"507 Lochda e and Oldham Brewery, Limited covccececcces vee 150000 j l i 150,000 | ese i t j 24,000 
9.350 | Salamanca Tin, Limited set eceseecs cesneeeeeweresereceenees eee 8.000 10 80,000 ++ 3 ; 52.200 
2.633 | 3. Blanckensee and Son, Limited .............0...:s00++ oe aan | 5 87,000 | 3 | os 
_ Scotch Whiskey Distillers, Limited.................0.+. | ae sian | ; 16,000 | ; Bo 
fi «Shoreham Portland Cement, Limited ..................| ve “7800 | 5 39,000 | 25,000 
— [BM Singapore, Straits, &c., Electrical Company,Limited) —... 10,000 | 5 50,000 | @2- 1a 
| St James’s Hall Restaurant, Limited .................. inn a ze 190,000 | | 5% 
me fo sn @: Bonn 95 %. 7 ba £200,000 | . 2 10,000 
f | Swansea Corporation 33 % Stock, at 95 %............ 5.000 10 50,000 | | saaee 
—— fim «=: Tuscan Gas, Limited................. saseeesserecasateeneness one 80,000 | I 80,000 | ; 20000 want Tl 
(+) | United Anglo-Continental Ice, Limited ............... a geste | Stock. 200,000 | | 10% = is 
(-) | | Venezuela Central Railway, 7 % Debenture Stock...| oa sina | : 250,000 | = a . 
— ie Woat India Gold Mining, Limited...............0000+ + ce ae 50,000 oes | ; 1 o 
a PU I ince acc viccocdenecccdeccapensececiass ja wih ans. Stien} eae : i . 
“706 | Cats IN APRIL. acieh ius 100 wees a | se 354 1,522,985 et . 
7,002 | | Argentine Government 5 %, Loan ......-.000 a pri , 5 : adios af 
1,19, | Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fé Railway, 5 % Go $15,000,000 | Bonds. | el 65 ; 42 | (1,209, i 
aa First Mortgage WAGER... iicic deci tebiictiactdiecins 19 | ? esi ie [= lof | often. } 15,625 as (+ @ 
t | i r | ° , j ; o<« ! a 
ase ‘je ~=s Australasian Mortgage and Agency, New Shares... : eT oe ate 
3,371 es Buenos Ayres and Pacific (Mercedes Extension) - | £604,800 | Stock. | 40 os amaaee e .F 
3,400 5 % Debenture Stock ..........- eeesceeseeees ssteeeeesees | - <900000 | Core, | ze i 35 : | —_ est 
_ | B. Ayres Harbour Works Trust, 6 % Trust Certs......| 30 | 5000 | so Sea 8 25 82.500 ie 
= Buenos Ayres (New) Gas, New Shares... ......-0s00++ | | £330,000 | Bonds. xe 25 ! 
} City of Sydney, 4% Debentures... Ss eeaiginailes iegereanlnes ' i = 2 336,000 3 
Chicago, Milwaukee, and St Paul (Chicago andj 4 |$4000,000 | Bade | .. | © | @ 195,000 
— | Pacific Western Division), 5 % Bonds ...... esi t | 00 000 ame: | 3 | 30 5 — 
(+) | Catalinas Warehouses and Mole, 6% oo a_i 14 10,000 5 aa } £1 10 r 
» (-) Clarke, Nickolls, and Coombs, Ordinary 8 ares ...| ( 3.340 | 5 | 2 10,680 
— | Crescens, Robinson, and Co., Ordinary Shares ...... | 15 |} S000f 10 | wai | 
= Do 6 % Pref. Shares ...........-. pisserersecenssnevenusetee] . 21,000 
8,594 Freshwater, Yarmouth, and Newport, 5 % Per-| 1 4,200 | a . . 20,000 
petual Preference Shares............ ceteneenneeceeans a 29,000 | 5 | | 
el (seneral Hydraulic Power, New Shares ............0+ | 30,000 } in | ps orig ae 185,000 
7.063 Hotchkiss, Ordinary BROOD. 65+ cvcccvccesssccnssavccsosnoad 12 20,000 j 95 | = : 
0,149 | Do 7 % cum Pref. Shares ..........00:::cceseeeeteneeeeees | £240,000 | Bond J ets 2] . 
Do 5 % Mortgage Debentures.......++--ereereeeeerenes | ‘ 133.335 | l i - % i 33,334 
0,376 Mount Morgan West Gold Mine, Shares eeereseeeeeeens 13,600 10 5 25 j 68,000 
0,901 | Nottingham Brewery, 7 7% cum Pref. Shares ...... .. it ee { £136,000 Bonds. | 10 I 20,000 
Do 5 % First Mortgage Debenture Stock............ J . 000 | 5 £ a - 500,000 
7,246 | Oceana Transvaal Land, ShareS..........+ seseenennereees 14 | £2,500,000 | Stock. ; 2 
Queensland Government, 4 % Inscribed “oe ear } | 20 155,330 
1,413 | Santa Fé, Western we Central Colonies Rai ways, 15 | £929,400 | Bonds “- ) | Os 
en | 5 % Mortgage Bonds........ aiscovecsgerbebigsonaseption | <3 | aS eke 
: | Samuel steed Sons, Ordinary Shares ......... , 18 aoe 10 «OC oe >| BD 25 % 549,998 
2.853 Do 6 % Pref. Shares ...........<.--ceereeseseesoveceesseres j i £733,333 Stock. 3 ) sa 3 150,000 
7,544 | Do 453 % Debenture Stock ............:e+eeeees pasted ‘4 50,000 | 10 3 
2,532 U. States and 8. American Investment Trust, Shares 12,000 | 10 | ve ¢ Tt ws 66,000 
5,261 Walter Showell and Son, Ordinary Shares............ ) 18 f 11,000 | 10 | | 2s - 
n. Do 4 % Pre: Bars... cccccccccccccc te ccccesssescecooses j | £110,000 ' Stock. J . ‘ 24,000 
5,696 | Do 5 % Debenture Stock ......20-...:-:ceesseceeeseennees | eit 24,000 | eo 
Winfields, 7 % Preference Shares .........0s00cceeee+0+- el _ se siaciaes 
5928 Total capital created & calledin Great Britain in 1887 | wes —— my — 
5,776 Scescrrep ParTLy ABROAD. 458,802 | | 1,835,208 
Amounts previously given ......-.cc-csccerresersneereenses } 





Tea ta TOR 55 ERG arsine tivsbseddiaebe 








SSS EEE 


THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL. 


BRITISH CAPITAL CREATED AND CALLED UP DURING 1887. 


ne se 


Date of 
Call. 


Description of Stock or Share. 


CaLits 1s May. 
Auckland Harbour Board, 5 % Debentures ............ 
B. Morris and Sons, New Shares 
Buenos Ayres Harbour Works Trust, 6 % Trust 
SITIO 69 asi dsc sxc sdncoversdoncedanibinas ; 
Caledonian Railway, 4 % Pref. Stock, 1887 
Chicago, St Paul, an1 Kansas City, Firat Mortgage 
5 % Sterling Bonds I 
Clarke, Nicholls, and Coombs, 6 % Pref. Shares 
Crescens, Robinson, and Co., Ordinary Shares 
Do 6 % Preference Shares 
Dalgety and Co., 4 % Irredeemable Debenture Stock) 
Frontino and Bolivia (South America) Gold! 
Mining, Shares 
Glasgow Corporation, 33 % Irredeemable Stock 
Great Eastern Railway, 44 % Pref. Stock, 1887 ...| 
Hong Kong Government 4 % Debentures 
Highland Mexican Land and Live Stock, Shares ...! 
Holt Brewery, Ordinary 10/ Shares 
Do 6 % Preference Shares ............ iielabisieeseneses 
Hotchkiss Ordnance. Ordinary Shares 
Do 7 % Cum. Preference Shares 
Do 5 % Mortgage Debentures 
Incandescent Gas Light, Shares 
London Improved Cab, Shares 
Metropolitan Rai:way, 4% Preference Stock, 1887) 
Marke Va!l.y Mine, Shares 
Morgan ard Co, Shares 
New Zealand Mortgage and Investinent, Shares . 
Panama Canal, New 3 % Obligations of 1,000f 
Port Phillip and Colonial Gold Mining, Shares 
Redruth Brewery, Shares 
Swans:a Corporation, 34 % Stock 
St James's Hall Restaurant, 5 % Debentures 
Samuel Allsopp and Sons, Ordinary Shares 
Do 6 % Preference Shares ...........sscsscccesecscesee [4 
Do 44 % Debenture Stock 
South-East Mysore Gold, Shares 
Town of Launceston (Tasmania) 4 % Debentures ...| 
Telephone Company of Ireland, Shares 
Venezuela Central, 7 % Debenture Stock 
Walter Showell and Sons, Ordinary Shares 
Do 7 %, Preference Shares 
Do 5 % Debenture Stock 
West Condurrow Mine, Shares 


May 10 
1 


16 


STOCK EXCHANGE COMMITTEE DECISIONS. 
SETTLING DAY ONLY. 


14 


Number of | Amount of | New Capital 
Shares 


or Bonds. 


£100,000 
8,000 


73,333 | 
\ £733,333 
87,000 


es 


| 
| 


} 
| 
| 
! 


Bonds. 
5 
2 

Stock. 


Steck. 
+3 
Bonds. 

1 
Stock. 


10 
Stock. 


‘ 


| 


| Created in 
1887. 


| 
} 
} 
' 
| 


£ 


Already | 
| Call per (premiums 
| included) 
| during ’87, 


Present | 


| 


| Share, 
_—_ | 
£ | 
95 
24 
31 
100 





60 
9 


3 


5/ 
92 
2/6 


10 
25 % 


2/6 


Capital 


ed u 


£ 
95,000 
20,000 


248,000 
600,000 


267,000 
12,000 
16,020 
50,000 


6,064 
453,500 
150,000 
70,000 
30,646 


40,000 


185,000 


83,334 
37,500 
200,000 
450 
14,379 
23,091 
917,604 
4,875 
20,000 
60,000 
29,500 


549,998 
21,75 
138,°00 
v7 
20,000 
82,500 


759 


St Louis, Arkansas, and Texas Railway Company.—F rt and 
Second Mortgage Bonds and common capital stock. 





April 29.—American and Continental Sanitas Company (Limited), 
shares. 
s Imperial Ottoman Ice Company (Limited), shares. 
. L. J. Rose & Company (Limited), Eight per Cent. 
Preference Shares. 
April 1.—Birmingham Compressed Air Power Company, shares. 
os North West Argentine Railway Company (Limited), 
shares. 
~ Spiers and Pond (Limited), 200,000/ Five per Cent. First 
Mortgage Debentures. 


QUOTATION. 

Belgravia Dairy Company, Limited, shares. 

Buenos Ayres and Rosario Railway Company, Limited.— Further 
jasue of 267,000/ Five per Cent, Debenture Stock. 

Carthagena and Herrerias Steam Tramways Company, Limited.— 
Further issue of 20,000/ Five per Cent. Debentures. 

Croydon Corporation.—Furthur issue of 54,200/ Three-and-a-Half 
per Cent. Irredeemable Stock. 

Frontino and Bo!ivia (South American) Gold Mining Company, 
Limited.—Shares in lieu of those of Company of same name (in 
liquidation). 

Harrison, Barber and Co., Limited, Vendors’ Shares. 

Manitoba Government, 113,400/ Debentures in lieu of Scrip. 

Nicaragua Railways, Six per cent, Mortgage Bonds in lieu of 
Scrip. 

Norfolk and Western Railroad Company, $203,000 General Mort- 
gage Six per cent. Coupon Bonds and $600,000 Improvement and 
Ex‘e sion Six per cent Bonds, 

Northern Pacific Railroad Company, additional $5,500,000 Six 
per c nt. First Mortgage Bonds. 

Ottoman Railway from Smyrna to Aidin, 300,000/ Five per cent. 
Debentures ae of Scrip. vs 

Vicksburg, Shreveport aud Pacific Railroad Compan 
issue of $323,000 prior lien Six per cent. Mortgage Gold ae 
une" Five per Cent. Loan of 1884.—9,015 Additional 20/ 

nds. 

Min: esota and North-Western Railway Com —$7 
First Mortgaze Bonds. y pany.—$7,632,000 


Montana Company, Limited.— Further issue of 3,227 shares. 


ceareittnicanstnaamenmltcanmenmnaamateapaanpenanmmemmicamsetadmmnmaneemaes se TE TST CES celia tiie iat tncicsititat enema memmnapeananne 
aaa aa LORE NL NLL PETE aaa 


SETTLING DAY AND QUOTATION. 


April 4.—Catalinas Warehouses and Mole Company of Buenos 
Ayres.—Scrip of 300,000 Six per Cent. Mortgage 
Debentures. 

Samuel Allsopp and Sons, Limited.—Ordinary and Pre- 
ference Shares, and scrip of the Four-and-a-Half per 
Cent. Debenture Stock. ; 

April 13.—Rio de Janeiro Flour Milis and Granaries, Limitel— 
Shares. — 

April 29.—City of Sydney Loans.—Scrip and paid-up Scrip 
330,000/ Four per Cent. Debentures. ; 

in Costa Rica Railway Company, Limited.—Scrip of ® 
further issue of 300,000/ Bix per Cent. First Mortgage 
Debentures. . ; 
es Union Pacific Railway Company.—Five per Cent. Col- 
lateral Trust Bonds (settliog-day in English issue). 
4.—Bengal-Nagpur Railway Company, Limited.—Shares. 

s Great Eastern Railway Company.—Scrip of 750,000! 

Four and a-Half per Cent. Preferential Stock, 185/. ' 
~ Paraguay External Debt, 1886 — Bonds and Lan 
Warrants. 


AND REPORTS. 


BRITISH, COLONIAL, AND FOREIGN STOCKS. 


The following redemption drawings have taken place 
since Jan. 1, 1887 :— 


May 


NOTICES 


Amount 
Redeemed. 

»demption. oo 
io 12-at Pat w= 16/6 
“Jan, 12—at par ei 
van, 1—at PAT“) conds 


pibds 


When Date of 
Drawn 
Jan. 
Jan, 
Jan, 
Jan. 


By Whom or 
Stock. Where Paid. 
Bu2nos Ayres 6 %......... 
SDE De bkitesonccesescncs 
Italian 5 %, 1862......... .. 
Italian Irrigation Bonds 
Rio de Janeiro City Im- 
ments, 5 % Dets. ...... 
Oanaru (Otago, N. Z.) 
Harbour Board Loan . 
Argentine 6 %, 1882 
Brazilian 5 Z%, 1865 


Barings 
Barings 
Hambro 
Hambro 
Co’s Office... April 1—at par 
Colonial Bank g: 
... of New Zealand Feb. eet od : 
...Morton, Rose & Co ..Feb. aero ‘ 
Rothschilds — ...Mar. 


1,000 
6,200 
93,400 


a 








S SB &SSBbSQe SS SSH SSO COO FF 


SSSE 


91 
04 


und 


yunt 
med. 


8,400 
5,200 
9420 
) bd 
4 hds 
1,000 


13 400 











——_—_——— 


April 30, 1887.] 


Amount 
Date of By Whom or Date of Redeemed. 

Stock Drawing. Where Paid. Redemption. £ 
Chilian 6 %, 1867 ......... Jan. .. 3.8. Morgan & Co...Jan. 17—at par ... 630,800 
Norwegian 4%, 1884 ... Jan. . Londonand.,,Mar.15—at par... 7,100 


Hanseatie Bank 
Russian Anglo - Dutch 


Loan, 1864 ...........0++ Jan. Barings April l—at par 1,935 bds 
Spanish 2 per Cents...... peer Agency tte ws 236,255 
Uruguay Unified, 1883... Jan. ... Thomson Bonar ...April 1—at par ... 16,200 
Danubian 7 %,1864..... Jan. - Ottoman Bank ...Mar. 1—at par ... 75,800 
Swedish 4 %, 1880......... Jan. Hambro .. April l—at par ... 54,000 
Brazil Great. Southern 

Railway, 6 % Deb... .. Jan. ... Glyn, Mills, & Co....Feb. 4—at par ... 12 debs. 
Argentine 6 %, 1871 ...... Jan. Murrieta ...Mar. 1l—at par ... 191,300 
Norwegian 47,1890 ... Jan. Hambro -Aprill5—at par .. 4,000 
Moscow Koursk 6 % bds. Jan. Barings «.May 1l—at par... 76,£00 
Buenos Ayres 6%,1873 Feb. .. Barings .-Aprill—at par... 21,40 

Do 6 %, 1882-6 ......... Feb, Barings .. April l—at par ... 53,300 
Ceylon 4 Z.rsccccsscenceeeee Feb. ... Crown Agents ...Feb.15—at par... 6,40 
Brazilian 44 %, 1863...... Feb. ... Rothschilds ...April 1—at par ... 162,300 
Turkish Priority 5 % ... Feb. . Ottoman Bank ...Mar.15—at par... 10,100 
Mexican Railway 2n 

Mort. Debs................ Mar. ... Glyn Mills&Co....Apl. 1—at par... 6,000 
Rio Tinto 5% bnds,1880 Mar. ... Co.'s Office ...Apl. 1—at par ... 21,000 
Jamaics 4} %, Loan...... Mar. ... Crown Agents ...Apl. l—at par... 1,5¢0 
Western Australia 44 % 

LOOM. itive canon Mar. ... Crown Agents ...Apl. 1—at par... 2,200 
Argentine 5 %, 1834...... Mar. Barings .-Apl. 1—at par... 5,300 
Port Elizabeth 6 %, 

Water Works Loan ., Mar. Standard Bank ...Jne.30—at par... 1,5€0 


of S. Africa 


Crown Agents ... Apl. 15 at par ... 108,700 
Crown Agents ...Sep. 15—at par... 2,400 
Crown Agents ...Apl. 15—at par ... 165,200 


Fiji 4} %, Debs............. Mar. 
New Zealand 5 % Cnsls. Mar. 


Cuba Mortgage Certs. Mar. ... Barings .-Apl. l—at par... 16,000 
Cuba 6 % bonds, 1830... Mar. .. Uhtho®&Co. .. Apl, 1—at par ...7,500bs. 
Portugese 5 %, 1881 ...... Mar. ... Société Générale..Apl. 1--at par ... 7,200 
Swedish 4 %, 1878 ........ Mar. Hambro3 .-Apl. 1--at par ... 12,510 
Crédit Foncier Egyptian 

© Z BRING .ccpsstsnesescave Ma~. Co.’s Office ...Apl. 1—at par ...396 bds. 
New Brunswick 6 % bds, Mar, ... Barings, .-Apl. l—at par ... 50,000 
Cuba 6 %, 1878 ........... April .. Mildred & Co. ...Aprill—at par ... 80,900 
Date GEF sisivesiasei. - Ak o Rothschilds... April 1—at par ...87series 
Portuguese § %,1-79 .... April ...Financial Agency...Aprill—at par... 1,009 
Argentine 6 %. 188% ....... April ...Morton,Rose & Co.. May 2—at par... 5,300 
Portuguese 5 %,1886 ... April ...Financial Agency.,.Aprill—at par... 1,800 
Japan 7 %, 1878........... April .. Yokohama .,.July 1—at par ... 103,100 

Specie Bank 

Russian Railway Loans 

of 1872 anid 1875.......... April son -..Oct. 1—at par ... 31,900 
Uruguay 5 % Unified .... April Thomson, «July l—at par... 16,400 

Bonar & Co. 

Moscow Jaroslaw Rail- 

way 6% Bonds .......... April ... Barings «.Junel atpar.. 6,100 
Land and Mort. Co. of 

Egypt5%Mort.Debs. April ... C».’s Offices ..May'5—at par... 4,000 
Mauritius 44 %, 1876-9... April ... Crowa Agents ...Mayl6—atpar.., 5,000 
Campos Carongola Rail- 

way 5} % Debs........... April ... L. Cohen & Sons ...July 1—at par ... 7,700 
Russian 3 (, 1882 .......... April ... St Petersburg ...June15—at par ... 21,650 


Virginian Debt.—The Virginian Senate have adopted joint reso- 
lutions appointing a Committee of both Houses of the Legislature 
to confer with the Commission of the Council of Foreign Bond- 
holders on the subject of the State debt. The date fixed for the 
meeting of the two commissions is to be not later than April 20. 
The House will concur in this change. In connection with this, it 
is important to note the terms of the following telegram, sent to 
the Governor of Virginia by the London Bondholders’ Committee : 
—‘‘ Committee will appoint a commission to go to Virginia to confer 
with representatives of the State for the settlement of the debt, on 
receiving your assurance that the basis of any agreement which 
may be arrived at shall be the available revenue, as mutually 
agreed, after competent and independent investigation. If the 
Legislature will empower the Government to consent to this basis 
<—e I shall be glad of your intimation accordingly by 
cable,” 


BRITISH, COLONIAL, AND FOREIGN RAILWAYS. 


Alabama Great Southern.—The directors state in their report for 
1886 that, after providing for interest on first mortgage bonds, and 
writing off $38,000 from suspense account, there remains to the 
credit of net revenue (in the accounts of the American corporation) 
the sum of $130,716, or 26,896/. After payment of 4,746/ to the 
English company for expenses, and interest on debentures issued by 
that company, there will remain a balance of 22,150. of which it is 
intended to apply 18,900/ in payment to the English company of 
dividend, less income tax, on preference shares held by that com- 
pany, and to carry forward 3,250/. The directors recommend that 
this sum of 18,900/ should be applied to the payment of arrears of 
dividend at the rate of 6/ per cent. per annum on the “A” prefer- 
ence shares up to June 30, 1884, as follows, viz, on 59,607 “A” 
preference shares of 10/ each, fully paid, from January 1, 1884, 6s 

r share ; on 1,393 “A” preference shares of 10/ each (on 5/ from 

anuary 1 to March 1, 1884, and on the full amount of 10/ from 
March 1, 1884), 5s per share; on 6,607 “ A” preference shares of 10/ 
each, fully paid, from March 1, 1884. 4s per share, less income tax, 
such dividend to be payable on April 20, 1887. 

Atlantic Great We-tern.— Western Extension Trust.—At a 
meeting of certificate-holders, held on the 2la@ instant, the fol- 
lowing resolution was unanimously adopted :—That, in the opinion 
of this meeting, it is expedient to wind up the trust of 1873 and 
trust bonds of 1874, so as to enable the distribution among the 
certificate-holders of the shares of the Cleveland, Columbus, Cin- 
einnati, and Indianapolis Railway, represented by their certificates ; 
and that a committee, consisting of Mr G. Metcalfe, Mr H. C. 
Mayhew, and Mr Wm. entin'bs formed, with power to add to 
their number, to act in conjunction with the English Association of 
American Bond and Share Holders, and that they be instructed to 





THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL. 





189 


invite the co-operation of Sir Henry Tyler’s committee and of the 
trustees, and to take all necessary steps to carry out this resolution. 

Bahia and San Francisco.—The report for the half-year ending 
December 31, 1886, shows that the decrease in the receipts, as com- 
pared with the corresponding six months of the previous year, is in 
a great measure due t» the continued depression in the sugar trade, 
and to the fact that but little material for the Timbo branch line, 
now nearly completed, has been carried by the railway during the 
past half-year. The expenditure has been kept as low as is con- 
sistent with the efficiency of the line. The directors recommend 
that the available balance of 56,9827 should be augmented by the 
sum of 1,517/ taken from the working capital account, in order that 
a dividend may be declared at the rate of 64 per cent. per annum, 
or 13s per share, less income tax. The working capital account 
will then stand at 57,9211. 

Brazilian Imperial Central Bahia.—The report states that the 
traffic receipts amounted in 1886 to 52,600/, and the expenditure to 
52,645/. The revenue account shows that, after paynent cf 
the interrm dividend for the half-year ending June 30, 1886, and 
making provision for the interest on the company’s debentures and 
debenture stock, and the sinking fund required by the trust deed, 
there remains a balance amounting to 22,711/, and the directors 
recommend a dividend at the rate of 7 per cent. per annum. 

Buenos Ayres and Pacific.—The report to December 31, 1886, 
states that the remaining portion of the line was opened for public 
traffic on October 8 last, thus ae the Government guarantee into 
operation upon the whole lengt of the railway from Mercedes to 
Villa Mercedes, a distance of 579 kilometres. In pursuance of the 
authority given at the special meeting of the shareholders held on 
September 24, 1886, the company entered into a contract for the 
acquisition of the concession for the extension from Mercedes to 
Buenos Ayres and for its construction. The transfer to the company 
of this concession was duly ratified by the Argentine Government 
on January 12 last, and the works are proceeding very rapidly, the 
whole of the earthworks being now completed. 

Buznos Ayres and Rosario.—The accounts for 1886, after pro- 
viding for interest on debenture stock, and dividend on the 7 per 
cent. preference shares, show a balance of 32,115/, which, with the 
balance from 1885, makes a disposable balance of 31,623/, out of 
which the board recommend a dividend of 6 per cent. to be declared 
upon the ordinary stock of the company, leaving a balance of 4,171/ 
to be carried forward. 

Demerara.—The report states that the result of the half-year is 
a net revenue of 9,442/, including 137! brought forward, out 
of which the directors recommend a dividend on the original stock 
of the company at the rate of 6 per cent. per annum, amounting to 
4,950/, making, with the preference dividend of 4,025/, 8,975/, and 
leaving 468/ to be carried forward. 

Diinaberg and Witepsk.—The report for 1886 shows that the 
gross receipts amounted to 2,012,172 roubles, and the expenses to 
1,474,721 roub‘es, as against 1,998,561 roubles and 1,498,409 roubles 
in 1885. The net profits in the year 1886 thus amount to 537,451 
roubles, while in the previous year they were 500,151 roubles, but 
the sterling result may be considerably affected by the exchaiige, 
which has declined seriously since the last meeting. The directors 
have commenced the formation af a working capital by the applica- 
tion of a portion of the reserve fund. 

Great Western of Brazil.—An interim dividend of 3 per cent. on 
the share capital for the half-year ending December 31 has been 
declared. 

Highland.—The report for the half-year ending February 28 last 
states that the revenue was 177,879/ and the expenditure 96,504/, 
leaving a net revenue of 81,375/. The dividend proposed on the 
ordinary stock is at the rate of 3 per cent. per annum, and the 
balance to be carried to next half-year’s accounts is 179/. The divi- 
dend for the corresponding period of last year was at the rate of 3 
per cent, The Sutherland and Caithness stock shares in the dividend 
for the first time this half-year. The revenue of the half-year has 
suffered from the continued dulness of trade, which has preju- 
dicially affected both the passenger and goods traffic. Live stock 
has been affected by cattle disease, while the mineral receipts have 

suffered from the colliery strikes in the south. 

London, Brighton, and South Coast.—The following is the 
approximate statement of receipts and expenses on revenue account 
from lst January, 1887, as compared with the corresponding period 
previous year :— 

cae 
ht forward ......0. ---...-+ 5 
pacaap coves + of March . ........-... 148,604 .-. 140,100 





Working charge. and renewals, do ........ 82,187 80,354 
ud tena 64,973 64,933 
t eqethbbonsinitiee eas 
— ——Cr. 1,444 -— Dr. 5,187 
Net balance carried forward ... .. . ......... Dr. 9713 ... Dr. 24,179 


Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire.—The total traffic receipts 
of this company’s railways and canals (exclusive of joint lines) 
from January | to ian 10, 1887, amounted to 444,358/, as com- 
pared with 436,470/ from January 1 to April 11, 1886, while the 
total expenses, &c., were 275,509, as against 275,524/ from January 
1 to April 11, 18866. In order to make a correct com for an 
equal number of days, the figures for one day should be added to 
those above shown = 1887, which may be estimated at 5,000! for 
receipts, and 2,500/ for “ 

‘Meee ‘Wedional ile William G. Raoul, until January last 
resident of the Georgia Central Kailroad and Banking Company, 
as been offered and has accepted the presidency of the re-organised 

company. T ic advice has received, stating thet 
that the decree of foreclosure and sale under the mo to the 
bendbobicro hee hoon granted by thn Ticxionn coerts, sale wi I 
take place on May 23, but, as out of 24,330 bonds all but 120 have 











190 


been deposited to carry out the scheme of reorganisation, this is a 


mere formality. s : : 
New York Central, and Hudson River (and its leased lines). — 


Statement of gross earnings :— 


For Marcu, 
1887, 1886. Increase. 
8 s ~ 


2,919,810.12 2,759,266.06 
For QUARTER ending Makrcn 3)st. 
1887. 1886. Increase. 
s = s 


“ > » 
§,089,351.23 7,342,200.92 747,150.31 


For Six Montus ending Marcn 3lst. 
1887. 1886. Increase. 
< 


17,110,607.43 14,215,802.43 2,891 ,805.00 

New York, Lake Erie, and Western.—The gross earnings of this 
company, including the New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio Rail. 
road Company, for the month of March, 1887, were, $1,946,403 : 
the working expenses, $1,326,495 ; and the net earnings, $619,908, 
showing an increase, as compared with the same period last year, 
of $100,554. The gross arene of this company, excluding the 
New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio Railroad Company, were 
$1,623,178; the working expenses, $1,028,132; and the net earn- 
ings $595,046, showing an increase, as compared with the same 
period last year, of $140,746. The net earnings for the six months 
of the fiscal year amount to $3,372,389, showing an increase, as 
compared with the same period last year, of $518,398. 

Pennsylvania.—The gross earnings of this company East of 
Pittsburgh and Erie, for the month ending 3lst March, show, as 
compared with the same period of last year, an increase of $508,578 ; 
an increase in the expenses of $378,417; and an increase in net 
earnings of $130,161 ; —s a net increase for the three months of 
$505,524. The operations of all lines West of Pittsburgh show an 
increase in net earnings as compared with the same period last year 
(three months) of $1,089,900. 

Recife and Sao Francisco Pernambuco.—The half-yearly report 
shows an increase of 553/ in the receipts from passengers, and 
4,094/ in the receipts from goods, compared with 1885, while the 
expenses were 1,104/ less. The directors propose to declare at the 
general meeting of the company, on April 5 next, the usual dividend 
at the rateof 54 per cent. per annum, and to carry forward 1,157/ 
to next account. 

Royal Sardinian.—At the extraordinary meeting of the share 
holders, which was held in Rome, on the 2nd inst., the resolutions 
modifying the statutes were approved by the shareholders, and also 
the table of amortisation of the shares. This table provides for the 
whole of the share capital in 90 years, by annual drawings. The 
first drawing will take place in December next, and the table of 
amortisation can be seen at the company’s offices. 

San Paulo (Brazilian).—The report for the half-year ended 
December 31 last states that the gross receipts have been 
4,291,539 milreis, an increase over the same period of 1885 of 
1,180,265 milreis, or nearly 38 per cent. The net revenue account, 
after making allowance for the half-year’s interest due on the 
company’s debenture stock on January 1, shows a balance of 
273,842/. This sum, the report says, is so large, and the pros 

ts of the current half-year are so satisfactory, that the directors 
eel justified in recommending that a bonus of 4s per share be 
paid in addition to the ordinary dividend at the rate of 10 per 
cent. per annum, both free of income tax, and that the balance of 
153,842/ be carried forward to the credit of the present half-year, 
to be dealt with in October next, when the accounts with the 
Imperial Government will be made up for the whole year. 

Smyrna and Cassaba,—The report for the half-year ending 
December 31, states that after providing for the half-year’s interest 
and sinking fund on the debentures due on January 1 last, the 
balance of net revenue in hand (including the amount brought for- 
ward from the last account) is 44,0177. Out of this sum the directors 
pony to pay the usual dividends for the half-year at the rate of 

per cent. per annum on both preference and ordinary shares, and 
to distribute 14,765/ as surplus net revenue, in the proportions of 
one-fifth to the preference shares and four-fifths to the ordinary 
shares, in accordance with the memorandum of association. These 
payments will absorb 32,921/ and leave 11,096/ to be carried for- 
ward to the credit of revenue account. The divisions now proposed 
amount to 1/ 3s 5d per share on the preference shares and 1/ 6s per 
share on the ordinary shares (subject to income tax), and complete 
the dividends for the year 1886 at the rate of 91 7s 1d per cent. on 
the preference, and 10 per cent. on the ordinary shares. 

West Flanders.—The report for the half year ending December 
31 last shows an available valance of 10,8211, after providing for 
the payment of the preference dividends, and of the interest and 
redemption of the two series of bonds, also carrying to renewal and 
extension account 500/, and to the reserve fund 1,4127. The 
directors propose to pay a dividend of 8s 1d per share, which, with 
the dividend of 4s per share declared in November last, will make 
a total distribution of 12s 1d per share for the year, equal to 5 per 
cent. on the ordinary share capital. 


—— 


BANKING COMPANIES. 


Bank: of Australasia.—The report for the half year ended October 
1), sLows a net profit of 130,471/, exclusive of 12,282? brought 


a EE TC CT LT A ene eennyeenenaesnpeapenaerantanattnnanmatoammpmnaanmnnenmmnaneanenemnnnieee att 


THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL. 


| April 30, 1887, 


forward. A sum of 10,000/ has been added to the reserve f 

a dividend and bonus is to be paid on April 1, of 3/ a und, and 
the rate of 15 per cent. per annum, free of tax Serine sane or at 
carried forward. 8 151981 toh 

Bank of Montreal.—A half-yearly dividend at the rate 
cent. per annum. and a bonus of 2 per cent., have bee 

Bank of New South Wales.—At a meeting, held at Svdnew +h; 
week, a dividend was declared at the rate of [5 ; awd this 
together with a bonus of 24 per cent. per annum. being ee. ; pes 
for the half year‘ended 31st March. The sum of 10 0007 owt A 
half year's profits has been added to the Reserve Fund whicl —— 
the premium on new stock paid up, will now ainount to 872.0001 tg 

Bank of New Saslend.—As too alf-yearly general meeting hel 
in Auckland, the directors’ report was adopted, and, a dis tributs, . 
at the rate of 124 per cent. per annum was declared, the dalane a 
profit carried to next account being 14,000/. The directors’ re ie 
recommends a transfer from the reserve fund of 125.000/ to e = 
losses referred to at the previous meeting. ; 1 

Bank of Scotland.—T he report for the year ended February 0g 
shows net profits amounting to 174,266/, to which has to he added a 
balance of 21,735/ brought forward from last year. A half-yearly 
dividend at the rate of 14 per cent. per annum was paid in leat 
October, anda dividend at the rate of 13 per cent. per annum is 
now declared, free of income tax. <A sum of 5,000/ has been written 
off heritable property account, and a balance of 22,3011 is carried 
forward. a4 

City of Methourne.—The directors have declared a dividend at 
the rate of 12} per cent. per annum for the half-year ended March 
31 last, in addition to which the sum of 15,000/ has been ca-ried to 
the reserve fund, making it 225,000/. 

Jonian.—The report for the half-year ending December 31, states 
that the gross profit for the half-year, after making provision for 
bad and doubtful debts, has amounted to 20,750/, from which have 
to be deducted charges and interest on deposits 13,488/, and rebate 
on bills discounted not due 943/, leaving a net profit for the half 
year of 6,318/. This, added to the rest on the 12th of July last, 
24,150/, less half-year’s dividend at 3 per cent. per annum, paid 31 
of November last, 4,733/, makes the balance of undivided protit 
25,737/, out of which the directors recommend the payment of a 
dividend at the rate of 4 per cent. per annum, free of income tax, 
which will absorb 6,310/. 

London Chartered of Australia,—The available profits for th 
half year ended December 31 last, amount to 64,253/, out of which 
th.» directors recommend a dividend at the rate of 7 per cent. per 
annum, and an addition of 20,000/ to the reserve fund (making 
140,000/), a balance of 9,261 being carried forward. 

London and Brazilian.—The report for the year ending the 3lst 
of January last shows an available balance of 123,144! (including 
13,1921 brought forward from last year). An interim dividend of 
8s per share was paid in October last, and the directors now recon 
mend a farther payment of 8s per share, being a dividend at the 
rate of 8\per cent. per annum, They also recommend the payment 
of a bonus of 8s per share, thus making a total distribution for the 
_ at the rate of 12 per cent. per annum, free of income tax. 

ese payments will absorb 60,000/, leaving a balance of 3,144, 
which the directors recommend should be appropriated as follows :— 
50,000/ to be transferred to the reserve fund, making the amount 
thereof 300,000/, and 13,144/ to credit of profit and loss new 
account. It is proposed to increase the capital to 1,250,000/, by the 
issue of 12,500 shares of 20/ each. 

Standard of South Africa.—The report for the half-year endel 
December 31 showsa net profit of 59,194/, including 8,713/ brought 
forward, out of which they recommend that a dividend of 25s per 
share should be paid (being at the rate of 10 per cent. per anaum), 
free of income tax, leaving 9,194/ to be carried forward. 

Union of Scotland.—The report made up to the 2nd inst. states 
that the balance at credit of profit and loss account, after providing 
for rebate of interest and for all bad and doubtful debts, is 129,060, to 
which has to be added the balance from the previous year, 18,951’, 
making 148,011/ available. The directors recommend the payment 
of a dividend at the rate of 12 per cent. per annum, or 24s pe! 
share, free of income tax, payable in equal proportions, on the 10th 
of May and the 10th of November next, amounting to 124,000/. Itis 
also proposed to apply 5,000/ in reduction of bank premises, carry!ns 
forward 19,0117. The bank’s rest, or surplus profits, stands at 
380,000/, exclusive of the whole year’s dividend and balance 
profit and loss account, which, together, amount to 143,011/. 


of 10 
n declared. : 


INSURANCE COMPANIES. 


City of Glasyow Life.—A dividend is recommended on the share 
capital for 1886 at the rate of 14 percent.per annum. = 
Employers’ Liability.—The directors recommend the paymen 
a dividend of 2s 6d per share, free of income tax. f 

London and Lancashire Fire.—The report shows 4 — zs 
46,9391, which, with the balance brought forward, gives | -e ie a 
be dealt with, The directors propose to pay 12 per cent “vit 
(against 10 per cent. previous year), to increase the ee 
re-insurance fund from 280,000/ to 300,000/, and to carry 10r 
76,4121. é 4 she 

North British and Mercantile,—The directors ee " 
payment of a dividend for the year of 1/ per share and oe ab 
15s per share, making together 175,000/, leaving 107,99. 
carried forward. 

Phenix Fire—The ordinary half-year 
share has been declared, together with an extr 
share. 


dividend of 3! per 
z a dividend of 6 pe! 


—— 


—— 


See eee ———————e—eeSEe—————eeEeEeE $$ $$$" 



















































































te 


fit 


an 
ic h 
per 


ing 


Ist 
ing 
1 of 
pity 
the 
ent 
the 
tax. 
44/, 
i 
unt 
1ew 
‘the 


ded 
ight 
| per 
um), 


rates 
ding 
l, to 
Q51/, 
nent 
3 per 
10th 
It is 
‘ying 
3 at 
¢ iD 


share 
nt of 


us of 
1 to 
dend 
D and 
ward 


d the 
us Of 
to be 


} per 
pl per 












; 
i 


—_—_ 


April 30, 1887.} 


tees 





—_—60Na“aaew=w«=>$* —00MSSS eee 


THE INVESTOR'S MONTHLY MANUAL. 





Scottish Metropolitan Life.—A dividend of 6 per cent.for 1866 has 
been declared. 

Scottish Provincial.—A dividend at the rate of 20 per cent. for 
the past year is to be paid (of which 10 per cent. has been paid in 
November), 20,000/ are carried to a shareholders’ bonus fund to meet 
aguaranteed annual bonus of 4s per share, payable half-yearly for 
five years, commencing May, 1887, and a sum of 10,000/ is ap- 

ropriated out of the general reserve fund to pay a cash bonus to 
the eB of 10s per share. A balance of 6,617! is carried 
forward, 


MISCELLANEOUS COMPANIES. 


American Mortgage of Scotland.—The annual report shows an 
available balance of 9,678/, including the sum brought forward. 
Deducting the interim dividend at the rate of 8 per cent. per 
annum, paid in November, there remains for present disposal 6,254/. 
This sum the directors propose should be applied as follows :— 
1. Addition to reserve fund, which will then stand at 20,000/, 
2,000/ ; 2. In payment of a dividend at the rate of 8 per cent. per 
annum, for the second half of the year, free of income tax, 3,424/; 
3 To be carried forward to next year, 830/, 

Anglo-American elegraph.—The directors have declared an 
interim dividend for the ete ending 31st March, 1887, of 5s per 
cent. on the ordinary stock, and 10sper cent. on the preferred stock, 
less income tax. 

Anglo-Argentine Tramways.—The directors recommend a final 
dividend of 4s 6d per share and a bonus of 1s per share (both free 
of income tax), and propose to write off 8,811/ for permanent way 
renewals and special expenditure for the year, and to carry forward 
2.1162. 

Australiay Mortgage Land and Finance.—The directors announce 
net profits for the year of 119,376/, including the balanee brought 
forward from 1885, out of which they paid, in last November, a 
dividend at the rate of 10 per cent. for the half-year, and they now 
propose to pay a further dividend of 10 per cent., making 20 per 
cent. on the capital for the year, carrying forward 27,376l to the 
new account. 

Bombay Ga*.-—The directors recommend a dividend of 4 per cent., 
making 74 per ccnt. for 1886, free of income tax, which will absorb 
9,600/, and leave a balance of 152/ to be carried forward. 

British and Australian Trust and Loan.—The directors have 
resolved (after placing 8,000/ to the reser7e fund) to recommend the 
payment of a dividend of 2s 6d per share, making, with the interim 
dividend paid in November, 10 per cent. for the year. 

Buenos Ayres and Belgrano Tramways,—After providing for the 
interest on debenture stock and the 6 per cent. dividend on the 
preferred s‘iares, there remains an available balance of 6,618’, which 
the directors recommend should be dealt with as follows :—Dividend 
on ordinary shares at the rate of 6 per cent. per annum 4,800/, 
balance carricd forward 1.818/. 

City of Buenos Ayres T'ramways.—The directors recommend a 
balance dividend for the year 1886 of 4s per share, and a bonus of 
Is per share, free of income-tax. A sum of 4.900i is placed to the 
contingent fund, and 5,854/ carried forward. 

City of Saatos Improvements. —The directors recommend the pay- 
ment of dividends at the rate of 8 per cent. for the past half-year 
on the preferred shares (making, with the interim dividend, 7 per 
cent. for the year), and of 5 percent for the yearon the deferred 
shares of the company. 

Compagnie Générale des Asphaltes de France,—The report for 1886 
congratulates the shareholders upon the fact that, notwithstanding 
the stagnation in the building trade, the net profits of the year 
amount to 16,801/, which, with the sum brought forward, makes a 
of Paris and Lyons, various public bodies, private firms, and from 
the sale of asphalte rock, powder and mastic, produced at the 
company’s own mines at Seyssel (France) and Ragusa (Sicily). It 
also includes the outcome of a long outstanding lawsuit, jointly 
carried on with the old Company Chabrier, now definitely settled iu 
the company’s favour. The purchase in perpetuity of the Seyssel 
mines has consolidated the position of the company in France, where 
total balance of 21,800/. Out of the 21,800/ above mentioned 
there has been paid an interim dividend of 5s per sbare, and it is 
now proposed to pay a further <lividend of 15s per share on the old 
siares and a rateable proportion on the new issue, which wil 
absorb nearly 16,000/, the balance being carried forward. 

Cunard Steamship.—The report for 1886 states that the profit of 
the working or revenue account is 182,229/. The amount at the 
credit of profit and loss account, after payment of interest on 
debentures, is 160,910/, out of which sum the directors have trans- 
ferred 137,721/ to the credit of the depreciation fund, and the 
remainder, 23,1891, to the credit of the insurance fund. To the 
debit of the latter fund has been placed the sum of 113,241/ for 
proportion of loss of Oregon, average claims, &c. The liabilities of 
the company have been greatly reduced during the year. It has 
been arranged that the 5 per cent. debentures for 260,000/, issued 
on April 1, 1884, which were current for three years, shall be paid 
of on the Ist April. PS a Fs 

Dalgety and Co,—The directors have declared an interim dividend 
for the half-year ended December 31, of 3s 6d per share, free of in- 
¢ome-tax, being at the rate of 7 per cent per annum. A 

Darjeeling T'ea.—The report for 1886 states that the gross profit 
was 12,610/—a falling-off of 1,684/. But, under the circumstances, 
this may be considered a satisfactory result, particularly when it is 
remembered that the prices for Indian teas in 1886 were the lowest 
on record. It is proposed to distribute the profit as follows :—Com- 
missions to staff, 1,513/ ; directors’ extra fees, 757; income tax, 381/; 
dividend at 74 per cent., 10,157/; reserve fund, 484/. 


Direct United States Cable. — The board have resolved upon 
the payment of an interim dividend of 2s per share, free of income 
tax, being at the rate of 2 per cent. per annum, for the quarter 
ending 31st March, 1887, such dividend to be payable on and after 
the 23rd inst. : 

Eastern Extension Telegraph.—The report for the half-year ended 
December 31, 1886, states that the gross receipts, inclusive of 
Government subsidies, have amounted during that period to 
216,956/, against 247.017/ for the corresponding half-year of 1885. 
The working and other expenses, includ ing 30,639/ for cost of 
repairs to cables and expenses of ships, absorb 80,067/, against, 
71,4731 for the corresponding period of 1885, leaving a balance of 
136,839. One quarterly interim dividend of 1; per cent. has been 
paid for the half-year, and it is now proposed to distribute another 
of like amount, together with a bonus of 2s per share, payable on 
April 28, making with the interim dividends paid for the first half- 
year a total distribution of 6 per cent. for the year 1886. The 
balance of 38,5502 has been carried to the general reserve fund, which, 
after being debited with the cost of the Singapore- Penang (renewal) 
cvble, amounting to 53,245/, now stands at 569,441/. % 


English Association of American Bond and Share Holders. 
-—The report for 1886 states that since the date of the last report 
bond and share holders of the under-mentioned companies have 
called upon the association for its services. Public meetings of the 
bondholders of the Quebec Central Railway, the bondholders of the 
Texas and Pacific Railway, the bond and stock holders of the Cia- 
cinnati, Washington, and Baltimore Railway, the bondholders of 
the Mexican National Railway. and the shareholders of the Central 
Pacific Railway, were held at the offices of the association. A con- 
siderable amount of time and care has been devoted to the affairs of 
these companies. The registration of American railway shares by 
holders in this country still r2mains in the same unsatisfactory 
position. As stated in the last report, application was made to the 
Committee of the Stock Exchange in November, 1885, to authorise 
m which alone a loss of 25,000/ was anticipated. F:om126,050l.or 
The receipts for the pont yearg December ?Irred.six months, f 
either a quotation of the certificates of this association issued against 
the deposit of American railway shares in connection with the 
London and Westminster Bank, Limited, or that the certificates 
should be made interchangeable in Stock Exchange settlements in 
common with American share certificates, but the committee took 

o action. Unfortuntely, the report says, the real convenience and 

nefit which the association ought to prove to holders of American 
railway shares in this country is very seriously impeded by the fact 
that the adoptionof the Amsterdam system, for the issue of the 
association certificates, interferes with the profits which some in- 
fluential firms make in the collection of dividends on shares regis- 
tered in their names, but the directors have considered it advisable 
to go on issuing their certificates, trusting that experience and a 
better knowledge of the working of the plan would enable them to 
demonstrate its usefulness before they again represent the matter 
to the Committee of the Stock Exchange. 


Great Northern Telegraph.—The accounts for 1886 show total 
receipts amounting to 309,942/, and expenses amounting to 73,5221. 
An interim dividend of 5 per cent. has already been paid upon the 
shares, and a further distribution of 24 per cent. is now = » 
A sum of 55,6551 is added to the reserve and renewal fund, and 
31,5862 carried forward. 

Globe Telegraph and Trust.—The directors have declared an 
interim dividend of 1s 6d per share on the ordinary shares, income 
tax having been already deducted, for the quarter ending April 18. 

Hop Bitters.—The directors have decided to pay an interim 
dividend at the rate of 10 per cent. per annum for the half-year 
ending March 31 last. ; 

Hodgson’s KingstonBrewery.—The directors have decided to pay 
an interim dividend at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum. 

Imperial Continen‘a! Gas.—The directors will recommend the 
declaration of a dividend of 5 per cent., free of income tax. 


Indo-European Telegraph.--The report for 1836 states that the 
total revenue amounted to 104,583/, as compared with 116,1500 in 
1885, while expenses were 50,773/, as against 51,597/. Deducting 
the above expenses, taking credit for 1,456, balance brought over 
from 1885, and debiting income tax, there remains the sum of 
53,3932. From this amount 10,000/ has been placed to the reserve, 
and that sum, together with 10,625/, amount of interim dividend, 
have to be deducted, leaving a balance of 32,968/. The directors 
now pro the declaration of a dividend for the last six months 
of 17s6d per share, making, with the interim dividend alread 

aid, 6 per cent. for the year, anda bonus of 20s per share, bot 
ree of income tax, making in all 10 per cent. for the year, carry- 
ing forward 1,693/ to the credit of 1 The directors have pur- 
chased the chief interest in the company’s lease of its central 
offices for the sum of 10,362/ at 44 per cent. and have paid for the 
same out of the reserve fund. 

Kimberiey Waterworks.—The report for 1886 states that the 
profit and loss a:count, after writing off the balances of preliminary 
expenses, interest on capital during construction, and providing for 
depreciation, and further setting aside the sum of 10,000/ as the 
nucleus of a reserve fund, out of which it is Fg mame to provide for 
the debentures falling due in January, 1888, leaves a balance of 
49,3651. Out of this balance an interim dividend of 6 per cent. 
has already been paid. It is now proposed to pay a further divi- 
dend of 9 cent. for the half-year ending December 31 last, which 
will absorb 28, 350i, leaving a balance of 2,115/ to be carried forward 
to next account. se 

Montevideo Waterworke.—Thef{directors recommend a dividend at 
the rate of 34 per cent. on the share capital (absorbing 12,257?), 
plazing 5,000 to the special reserve fund, and carrying forward the 
balance of 2,369/ to the next account. 

















fee ete ete 


Ces am wits rr 


& ‘ Be pale “ 
nee Cire ts accel epee oe owes a 
i CLS PE ee oe : 2S 


Wi a 





Neuchatel Asphalte.—The report for 1886 shows that the profit 
amounts to 17,962/, out of which, after setting aside the sum of 
1,000/ in reduction of the amount paid in 1877 for the renewal of 
the concession, the directors recommend the payment of a dividend 
of 7s per share on the preferred shares ; but, at the same time, they 
think it right to inform the shareholders that, should the meeting 
act upon this recommendation, and declare the dividend, no distri- 
bution of profits will be made pending the trial of theaction Lee v. the 
Company. 

New Civil Service Co-operation.—The sales for the half-year 
ended February 2Sth amounted to 80,611/, and the gross profit, after 
allowing for carriage of goods, amounts to 7,156/. Adding to this the 
revenue from other sources, and deducting working expenses, there 
remains a net profit for the half-year of 1,866/, which, with 1,028/ 
brought forward from the previous half-year, makes a total of 
2,894/. Out of this amount the directors recommend the payment 
of a dividend for the six months of 6d per share, free of income tax, 
being at the rate of 10 per cent. per annum, which will absorb 
1,52C2, leaving a balance of 1,374/ to be carried forward to the 
current ha!f-year. oo 

New River.—Mr John Taylor, of 5 Tokenhouse yard, has joined 
the board of this company. 

Nobel’s Explosives.—The directors recommend a dividend of 15 per 
cent., carrying forward 3,380/. 

Odes:a Waterworks.—The report for 1836 states that the water 
rents amounted to 41,941/, against 47,9117 for the year 1835, and 
the miscellaneous receipts to 3,393/, against 2,955/ for 1885 ; thus 
showing a diminution in the gross income of 5,532/, due mainly to 
the further reduction in the price of water in accordance with the 
terms of the concession. On the other hand, the accounts show a 
net saving in expenditure (including the London office) of 3,890/, so 
that the net income of the year is less by 1,641/. The accounts 
appear for the first time for many years without any charge for 
repayment of advances made iy the municipality on account of the 
guarantee. The balance to the credit of the revenue account, 
amounting to 10,025/, after meeting all charges and interest on 
debentures, should therefore be available for dividend. but directors 
have been advised that before a dividend is paid the amount neces- 
sary for creating a sinking fund, sufficient to replace the share 
capital of the endétinkine at the expiration of the concession, must 
be set aside for that purpose. 

Oriental Telephone.—The report for 1886 states that after setting 
aside 3,635/ in respect of the Indian guarantees to December 31, the 
profit and loss account exhibits a balance to credit of 4,770/, inclu- 
ding 2,405/ brought forward from 1885, the net profit for the past 
year being 2,367/. It is not proposed to deal wita this balance at 
presen‘. 

Orient Steam Navigation —The report states that there was 
carried forward from last year, as balance of revenue, 11,665/. Of 
this sum the managers propose to apply 5,749/ in final settlement 
of the share of loss and expenses falling to be borne by the com- 
pany in connection with the Austral disaster and the litigation 
therefrom arising, and 5,855/ tuwards renewals and alterations of 
the steamship Lusitania, leaving 60/ in the general account. The 
revenrie account for 1886 shows that, after paying all expenses and 
carrying 6 per cent. on the cost of the steamers to the reserve 
fund, in terms of the articles of association, there remains a credit 
balance of 31,330/, and they accordingly declare a dividend at the 
rate of 5 per cent. per annum, free of income tax, which will absorb 
23,319/, and leave 8,011/ to be carried to next year’s account. 

Otago and Southland Investment.—The report for the year ended 
January 31st last states that the net profit, including 3,005/ 
brought forward from last account, amounts to 21,544/. The 
interim dividend at the rate of 10 per cent. per annum, paid on the 
3rd of November last, required 7,500/, and there now remains for 
distribution the sum of 14,044/, which the directors recommend to 
be applied as follows, viz, :—7,500/ in payment of a dividend for 
the half-year at the rate of 10 per cent. per annum, 3,750/ in pay- 
ment of a bonus of 2} per cent., being a distribution for ths year 
of 124 per cent., free of income tax, and the balance of 2,794/ to be 
carried forward to next account. 

Reuter’s Tclegram.—The report for 1886 states that the net profits 
amount to 6,772/, including 613/ brought forward from the last 
account. An interim dividend of 2} per cent. was paid in October 
last, and the directors now declare a further dividend of 5 per cent., 
making a total distribution, free of income tax, of 74 per cent. for 
the year. This will absorb 5,585/, and after adding 1,000! to the 
= fund, there will remain a balance of 186/ to carried for- 
ward. 

R. Goldsbrough and Co.—The usual dividend, at the rate of 10 
per cent. per annum. for the past six months has been declared, 
making the eighth successive divilend at that rate, 10,000/ carried 
to reserve fund, making that account 130,000/, and 10,346/ carried 
forward to nextprofit and loss account. 

Royal Mail Steam Packet—The report for 1886 shows an increased 
a arising from a marked decrease in the expenditure, modified 

owever, by a diminution in the receipts. On the whole, the im- 

rovement amounts to 23,834/. A sum of 70,000/ is transferred 

rom revenue account to repair and renewal account, being 10,000/ 
more than in 1885. For depreciation the charge, as last year, is 
limited to 40,000/, and the fleet, including the Orinoco, will then 
stand in the company’s books at 12/ 17s 9d per ton. As premises 
and plant are already written down to a moderate figure, the 
directors think that, for the present at least, no further reduction 
need be made. The customary transfer of 47,7001 is made to 
insurance account. The repair and renewal account is credited with 
the 70,000/ transferred from revenue account, and debited with the 
outlay on the ordinary repairs to the fleet. The directors, therefore, 
recommend a dividend for the half-year ended Deccmer 31, 1886 
of ll per share, free of income tax. : 


THE INVESTORS MONTHLY MANUAL. = [April 30, 1887, 


San Paulo Gas.—The balance at the credit 
account is 7,753/, and after ple cing 2,000/ to re ae 
tingeacies account, the directors propose to pay a dividend <<a 
20th inst. at the rate of 10 per cent. per annum, free of incor cs a 
for the past six months, which will absorb 4,982/, and to cans * 
ward the balance, 770/, to the present half-year. The re a 
authorities have not proceeded with the project of lew ad Apel 
1886, referred to in the last report, beyond taking a plan of 
company's mains, with the view of making a valuation theteaf 
This was protested against by the manager, by order. of ih 
directors, as an attempted infringement of the contract with the 
Government, which legally and equitably can only expire in 1897 ‘ 

Shanghai Water Works.—A dividend of 5 per cent. per annum h 
been declared. m 

Siagapore Gas —The report for the half-year ending December 
31, shows a balance of 2,409/, after placing 500/ to reserve. Out of 
this sum the directors recommend the declaration of a dividend at 
the rate of 74 per cent. per annum, less income tax, carrying forward 
a balance of 3331. f 

The Lands Allotment.—The accounts for 1886-7 show that, after 
paying the usual interim dividend of 5 per cent. per annum, their 
remains a net profit of 23,818/. The directors recommend that 
5,000/ ot the net profit be placed to reserve, raising that fund to 
40,000/ ; that a bonus at the rate of 3 per cent. per annum be paidonall 
fully-paid shares, and that the balance, after providing for the year 
be carried forward. The company’s property has been valued by 
their own surveyor, and by Mr J. Winfield Bird, at considerably 
more than it stands for in the balance-sheet. 

Vienna General Omnibus.—The report for the half-year ending 
December 31 shows that, for the first time since the establishment 
of the company, there is, after paying all expenses, interest on 
mortgages, &c., a profit amounting to 879/, which the directors pro- 
pose to carry forward, 

Waterloo House and Swanand Edgar.—The directors recommend 
a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent. per annum, that 2,000/ be set 
aside as a reserve, and that 2,730/ be carried forward. 

West Coast of America T:legraph.—The report for 1886 showsa 
gross revenue of 43,026/, against 45,957/ in 1885. The deduction of 
debenture interest and all other charges make the net balance of 
profit 11,0377, and adding 739/ brought forward from the previous 
year, the total sum to the credit of revenue account amounts to 
11,7761. Out of this the following dividends have been paid, 
viz. :—In September, 1886, 2s per share; and in January, 1887, 2s 
per share; and the directors recommend adding 5,000/ to the 
reserve fund, making the latter 20,000/, and leaving 776/ to be 
carried forward. 

West India and Panama Telegraph.—The directors recommend 4 
dividend of 6s per share, on account of arrears of dividend on the 
first preference shares. 

William Sugg and Co,-—An interim dividend has been declared at 
the rate of 6 per cent. per annum, free of income tax. 


MINING COMPANIES. 


Mes and Barry.—The report for 1886 states that t is proposed 
to pay a second dividend of 2s ed share, making, with the interim 
dividend of 3s per share, a total dividend for the year of 2} percent. 


The profits realised were 23,064/ less than in 1885, which is wholly 


due to the depreciation in the value of copper. The average price 
of Chili bars in 1886 was 491 5s, against 44/ 23 6d in 1885, and 54 
10s in 1884 

My»ore Gold.—The directors have declared a dividend of 2s 
per share. wi 

Rio Tinto.—The directors have resolved, subject to writing off 
the amount of drawn bonds and sundry depreciations, in all, 
74,3951, to debit of revenue account, to recommend a final divi- 
dend on the shares of the company of 2s per share, making, with 
the interim dividend paid in November, 3 per cent. for the year, 
free of income tax, and carrying forward 7,000/ to the new account, 

Scottish Australian—The balance of profit for the half 
year ended Dec. 31 (including 904/ brought forward from the pre- 
vious account) is 18,508/. The directors propose the payment of a 
dividend on the paid-up capital of the company at the rate of 17} 
per cent. per annum, free of income tax, which will require 14,000/, 
and to carry forward to next account 4,508/. 

Tharsis Sulphur and Copper.—The report for 1886 states that the 
fixed property accounts have been subjected to the usual examina- 
tion and revaluation. The depreciation has been 11,571/, as com: 
pared with 11,538/. The deductions have likewise exceeded the 
additions by the sum of 1,390/, making together 12,962/, leaving 
119,141/ at the debit of works, plant, &c. There has been — 
on preparatory works and explorations the sum of 10,121/, whic ) 
added to the balance of 14,257] carried forward from previous 
years, makes 24,378/. In accordance with the rule laid ry 
formerly, by which this class of expenditure is extinguisher .- 
¢ ree years, the sum of 14,305/ has been written off. The directo: 
recommend the po of a dividend of 3s per sare, equal Oe 
per cent., free of income tax; and that the balance of 14,750 
carried forward to the credit of 1887. 


NEW COMPANIES AND CAPITAL. 


Auckland Harbwr Board Loan of £100,000.—The bp 
amounted to 92,300, at prices ranging from the minimum 0 ‘teh 
105/, the balance of 7,700/ being taken in the room. Average Pi" 
1102 11s. 


a 








